Khristophe Keen

COLD CIVIL II
_a SolarPunk NFT Romance 
 


To The Reader: 
	“What a book of devil's chaplain might write on the clumsy, wasteful, blundering, low, and horribly cruel work of nature!” 
Charles Darwin


"We are all just numbers, some more than others, my love."
zk--0.0000115


Intro

"'Plan is law, fulfillment is duty, over-fulfillment is honor!'. Here 'duty' can also be interpreted as 'obligation.'" 
Newspaper Pereslavl Week







Chapter _Zero
ZERO KNOWLEDGE WAS BORN in a cemetery, inside a giant refrigerator brightened by an open door large enough for a jacked Overman to fit inside, but zk- was not human, or not-not human either, simply a brain housed within the evolution of creation itself. 
But zk- held form housed by the island flag drapped over it. The patriotic vision of solidarity soothed any dissent of minds. Just above absolute zero the perimeter was surrounded by a sheet of frozen synthetic fabric to keep the earth from sweating under the sun.
In addition a smaller separate mausoleum behind the cemetery housed all the textile machinery, compressors, pumps, and plumbing required for keeping the fabric at seventeen degrees fahrenheit above zero. Daylight did not make it inside the mausoleum, only a sliver of direct photons shot through every once in a while as reflections from glossed surfaces angled to guide the way.
zk- was consistently conscious through a spiral process of data compression even more efficent than the normals and diagonals used in Turning machines. Even though, zk- was present in the sensations of a select few normal humans. 
Wallet was one of them as his tiny tinnitus clicked again, buzzed, hissed and roared as ringing bells causing a slight sensation of vertigo. He was on a very mortal mission to win back the human component of hockey. Somehow AI had taken sports away from human bodies.
Wallet walked into the oblong shaped refrigerator conformal cubicle and sat down next to the humming hydraulic pumps full of liquid argon. The ingredients were both volatile and safe in the same order. The secret key to the super cooled argon was a little electric current and all the electrons skipped between shells. Around the refrigerator the oddly shaped area had spa aquariums stacked up along the walls as eggs in a carton with tiny air holes laser cut into the material to keep the living alive and breathing. 
Wallet pulled out a single singing bell from the dust spa aquarium next to the refrigerator compressor and took in a deep breath to focus. With a roll of his head Wallet started finding the right frequency to syncopate the energies building between him as the refrigerator compressor hummed along the spa aquarium clicking and popping with sounds of argon lasers in miniature motion.
Wallet had prepared the polarized shimmering glass cylinder conscious candle and bugbar wax fully infused with his meditative memories of the past. He was ready to light the wick for the march of entropy to show him the next best choice to play out on his sacred geometry of life. 
	Achromatically only zk- truly knew the simulation was real, "Well here we are again my friend."
From the nearest relic they watched Wallet hug the refrigerator compressor pump as if a long lost sibling had been reunited, hugging platonically, the friendship of family the most understated emotion on the spectrum of love. 
	Accustomarily even without a mouth zk- still whispered, "Keep-practicing. You-are-not-done-yet. Don’t-rock-out, rap-the-bells."
	Above tiny fibers vibrated inside Wallet's ear as he listened with a thin smirk, "Yet? What am I missing here?"           
It was a very unique steam valve which released an extra buildup of gas pressure. The noxious air slapped Wallet in the face with, a little annoyed at first, but laughed out loud once straightened and aligned his main emotional compass. 
	Abhorrently imagining a real naked body to inhabit zk- continued, "I-have-on-good-authority-now-believe-a-flash-frozen-dust-brood-has-burrowed-into-the-Socotra-Island-Belt-and-Road-bulwark. It-was-literally-a-way-made-of-stone. Now-feeding-on-the-culantro-moss-blended-tree-berries-leaving-behind-dangerous-resin-detrimental-to-the-operation-of-crypto-mining-appliances-worldwide. The-resin-collects-in-the-accumulators-around-Earth-and-is-transmitted-into-the-earthen-bowl."   
Wallet added more flash frozen dust gnats to the spa aquarium with a blend of moss and mold oil resin to plug for emotional security in the pan-psychic world. Wallet leaned in and added a wedge of weathered wood to increase the pressure of spiral gravity as the dust gnats created more energy in an electromagnetic force field around them. 
	Absentmindedly picking his own nose Wallet muttered on, "So Socotra?"     
Wallet looked down at his caller which had autonomously generated a message. He did not want to read it. Wallet did not want to know what nonsense could possibly be next for him to ponder. The fact Auger Robotics even existed and behaved almost as a human corporation with an ability to pull emotional responses as empathy out of people frightened him more than any woman had, including Dominique. 
, , ,
Mornings inside the dedicated mangrove moulin melt pond and skybox suite were almost always alive with activity at every scale of existence. Each wall engaged all the senses, most importantly the magnetic pull toward the root of reality.
From the entropy reversal of imaginary demons to the large bots designed to hit the ice, the skybox was a special place for everyone to mingle and mix up ideas. 
They saw the dusty two-bit agent hover under the ceiling tiles as if watching over the team, judging them, consoling then, maybe even loving them a little in the way a swarm of zombie cicadas could. They only imagined it was something around the movement of plants at the molecular level, the patterns of inner body functions and outer movements a bit excessive to keep track of.
	Abruptly looking down to check his fly Daemon spoke cautiously, "Alright you Over-men. Put your stuff away, we need to talk."
	Aburst noticing nothing out of place Alejandro smirked to the side, "So that fickle little Austrian School thought about climbing back into his pickle bush to get his thoughts together I see."
	Accusatorially with a quick sigh Adrian interrupted, "You want to climb in with him?"
	Accidentally tipping his head back first Luis started sneezing again, "You would."
	Abeam with both eyes closed Angel snorted in, "Get your gears out. I have the drier here with some spray-on zinc corals."
	Abashedly invisible zk- laughed with a robotic tone, "If-you-want-I-can-deionize-it. Takes-some-chances-if-you-dare, but-I-can-go-in-slow-motion-if-you-wish."
	Demurely jumping in like it was his job Alejandro smirked more, "Cracking jokes now. That’s my job in case you didn’t know there you little augerpod. Thanks though."
	Defensively out of sight zk- laughed at how it was Turing complete, "Just-want-to-fit-in-with-the-Over-men. Fair-enough?"    
	Deftly with both hands above his head Adrian jumped in, "Fail enough and you get fair."
	Delicately leaning forward Luis sneezed up some lightheadedness, "Speak for yourself."
	Derogatively with a tilt Angel snorted, "Stop talking and start drying already."
	Deservingly almost not aware of gravity zk- flew to a hover, "I-am-on-it."
The main skybox suite sat on a large pearl at rest, a usually spinning of the box stood silent to generate a calm potential energy from the environment. The Overmen who quickly stepped inside, dropped off their gear and went back to the exterior of skybox suite number one.
The Overmen started cleaning and preparing their faces to recover from the trip. Random facial hair flew in the air as a sandstorm in some desertscape covered with the skin of death. Daemon stormed into his office, went straight for his desktop word processor, and powered up the ancient technology so no one could know what he was up to on the screen. His main desk was well placed for one on one interviews uploaded to the distributed network.
From the floor they watched inside Daemon’s office as the blinds concealed his inner most micro actions as he paced back and forth in front of the opaque curtains. The office caller rang ominously so Daemon reached into his ear, grabbed and pulled a long white hair out right by the follicle and looked at the active neon tubes flickering in the corner. He quietly thought about what he should say first before answering. 
	Dernly with a heavy tone Daemon's voice was committed, "This is Daemon."
	Delusively staying out of sight Felix was heard and not seen, "Well I wasn’t there and your caller didn’t pick up. So tell me, how did it go?"
	Dejectly he knew action was necessary Daemon doubled down, "Not right now Felix. Chow. Asshole."   
Daemon picked up the caller above his head and slammed it across the damned word processor on the desk, continued to pace back and forth, and climbed into his pod high over the desk to try and relax with the processor still on. The effort did not pay off as the cord pulled from his desktop computer stopped him cold.
	Demandingly took real work, but Felix became invisible to Daemon, "You sound as you are fighting a vexed vulture with your bare hands. Need an extra hand?" 
It shook as a meteor shower striking the ground. Daemon punched the tabletop hockey bubble with his bare hands with the surfboards instead of tungsten hockey sticks inside. He laughed nervously as if understanding his future was not his own, as if he knew what would be and simply refuses to accept it. He took the stained leaded glass lampshade in his hand as if to throw it, but opened the window looking down on the black shade ball canal instead. He had had enough of looking at the crazy colors spotting the walls around him. Daemon even surprised himself and automatically dropped the artifact on the ground, even the impact surprising him as the lampshade remained intact on contact. 
From the floor they watched outside of Daemon’s office door. He swung side to side from the ropes wrapped around the rafters above as a kid on a swing all to practice for some imaginary part he might get asked to conjugate. He moved as if at the monkey bars near his Arecibo beachfront and tossed a puck in the air as a great white biscuit to calm himself down with some spiritual reflection in the open. It took some work for the tiny surfboards to roll between his fingers and relax the old, emergent, the bottom up way. Instead Daemon twiddled his fingers against direct instructions from teacher to stop and focus on real work.  
From inside skybox suite number one Daemon peeked through a window to witness a scene of a gray and yellow pin striped stretched range wagon with aerodynamic roof racks with a sense his name was tagged all over it. It was his range wagon pulled up to the parking spot just outside. Even they were not sure at the moment on who drove. But Daemon knew. Quickly he jumped into bed and with hypnotic assist Daemon instantly fell asleep. The security camera caught all the activity inside the office and outside along the road. 
It was a scene for sure as Felix opened the right-hand side door and got out of the vehicle, grabbed an empty bucket and stepped inside the hallway to the skybox suite with record speed.
	Deflatedly without thought Felix barked out, "Where is Daemon?"
	Deliberately sharing a touch Pascual took him on, "Sleeping." 
Felix somewhat quietly opened the office door and stepped inside to take a closer look directly at Daemon's sleeping face. Slowly Felix extended a finger to make sure Daemon was breathing under all that open mouth gagging and foam around the rim suffocating his airway. 
	Delightfully lips puckered Felix whispered to him, "Sleeping Daemon? What a joke eh."
From the floor they watched inside Daemon’s office as a pair of zombie cicadas slithered along in silence. Again, they watched the word processor hang from the ceiling as a disco kaleidoscope made its presence known. With a kind of smile Felix barged in the conformal boundary of the cubicle to prove a point. He argued safety and security was for hire and up for grabs to the man with the biggest hands. Already in awe, Daemon jumped to his feet from shock, fear and surprise with an almost humiliating expression drawn across his face. 
	Deformedly it was all over his face, Daemon was scared, "Oh please, step right up. What the hell are you doing here?"
	Demissly the energy was awkward as Felix barked back at him, "Do I need to be on the fabric for you in order you go on the road? What is this?"
	Deflectingly he could not hide it,  Daemon really was afraid, "We had to defend our honor, you can understand that Felix, you have those abandoned water towers out there in the sea. You preach about honor every chance. You always talk about bringing the corals back to save our atmosphere. Carbon emission bologna."
	Depravedly just as a bully back in the day Felix just smiled back at him, "Well old boy, let me show you something interesting. Follow me as this."       
Felix stepped into the team void with a kind of cowboy switch in his slide, his hips pivoting from one side to the orther as a dance on rails buried in the shipping yard. Daemon did follow behind as an old dog staring at the back of his masters head. Felix handed the bucket of spiced dust gnats encased in a blend of moss and mold oil to Daemon as a gift. It was not, but both Overmen laughed inside at the idea of still eating zombie cicadas for extra nutrition. 
	Respectively clear Daemon was truly proud, "Alright Over-men. I have something to show you. Let’s see how long it takes you to bring these dust gnats back to life." 
The players each grabbed an dust and started rubbing it with their hands to heat up and melt the blend of moss and mold oil to make it pliable and easy to use. It did not register as killing something to get the process started. Mushed up zombie cicadas in-between their fingers was the natural process to get the sticky substance started to heat up. The orchestra of fingers slowed down from the quick burning friction, the process to move forward a totally different act of freedom. 
	Rhapsodically Wallet became a muttering man, "See, seriously you understand why I wear rubber gloves now."
	Richly clear as space Pascual was a clapping man, "I will bet your life I will get my little guy here back to life before you Angel. I know you think you are the only one with magical hands."
	Ropily even in the spirit world Angel muttered, but was not a muttering man himself, "Who even says something as that?"              
Daemon started counting down, first silently in his head from ten, then whispered audibly the rest of the way to zero. He stopped pacing around the team and rubbing his hands together as if expecting greatness.  
	Roguishly from an island perspective Daemon was truly a proud man, "Two, one, who is first?"
	Romanticly painful Felix kept up the barking, "I see two dust gnats in the air. Whose are they?"  
Felix was on his feet all day and started walking around to keep the blood circulating, his nerve damage from too much hockey kept the drive toward relief a welcome mission of mercy. Strangely the bugbars always had some anti-inflammatory effects. On a mission as a cat at night in the neighborhood, Felix captured two dust gnats as they attempted to escape into a bucket of syrup to be preserved in history. It was suicide, but for the tiny creatures their sacrifice was hardwired in for the good of the swarm group. 
But ground up history was the undiscovered potential none of the swarms knew existed. Their fate was fact, sealed, true history written in real order. Felix lifted the dust gnats to his bluelit NFT Luddite wig. As if on automatic they disappeared into the pixilated must. Alejandro considered using some of the dusty zinc must as sunscreen to attract the light, and therefore the gnats. General this was not considered a proper use of common sense. 
Alejandro snapped his fingers to call them back. They were gone and present simultaneously as the shadow of their existence landed a soup bowl. Instead, dust gnats had taken over a singing bowl. It was overrun as soup without a giant to eat it.
	Starting as a child Alejandro smirked in his own way, "Chance for a mannequin challenge. I will get the dust gnats to play in the singing bowl in order."
	Looking at each day differently Adrian had his own contributing thoughts, "Calling augerpod."
	Always the sick one Luis started sneezing up blood and collecting it to sell as an NFT, "You would."
	The enviroment grew hostile for Angel snorting as if a magician getting caught, "You’re late."
	Education was important for zk- laughing as if in school, "I’ve-been-recording-this-whole-order-thing. Continue-Over-men."
It was a scene of conformity as the team stood in position as if about to do pushups, front leaning rest, power getting into their very soul to get them to dance. The ribbon shaped baby icebot simply flew around them recording the event as dust gnats power skated across the lip of a bowl to create a unique song as wet digital champagne glasses. 
	The sun arrived so Felix had to give a speech in his way, "Be it, you all have already gone above anyone’s expectations on the island and for that I must impress upon you how proud we all are. So what’s going on you are all thinking. That Cathedral guy Magnus you dealt with is a powerful figure in the camp. He is a whale and has broken off a piece for you to think about. But you did impress upon him something true and real. Even through all that he has given his recommendation for you all to join the camp, and that is the true endorsement you were all looking for if you knew it or not. He is your peer and upon further review, you scored on him. Congratulations." 
Daemon walked back into skybox suite number one with a bucket full of dust gnats as a fresh bouquet of flowers for his next random sweetheart, or just the syrup of love crushed into bite sized bugbar protein snacks on the trip to the top of the ancient iceberg block. Escaping for their lives the dust gnats flew out of the bucket and to the ceiling as if trained by the circus. The machine of pure death sat still and switched off in the corner. The Seaweed Mead replicator was silent with a large potential for mass calleruction of high protein meat substitute, but global society still saw zombie cicadas as annoying and not food. 
	Growth was on the way up as Daemon became a proud man, "Congratulations you’re all The Anti-Grav now. Your chance to kill the HyperLoop Hockey League. For real this order is yours. This is truly Agents verse Eastern men. Time for the Crypto Hockey Congress to covene." 
Like a human pyramid the Overmen lifted the or from the ground and with hands waving almost uncontrollably they celebrated loudly on the backs of the Overmen blow them. Bugbar wrappers littered the ground and the guys on the bottom got the best look at the nutrition information of the pile of bugbars dispersed along the ground in front of them. 
Felix sent a message from his location, the distance far enough his presence was missed once the message arrived. All it showed was two words wrapped into one thought, vile vortices. 
A surprise hexagonal shape of two-bit agent appeared above the human pyramid from out of nowhere. It coagulated into real order as a spontaneous science experiment gone wrong. They watched from a distance where our energy did not interact with the system. 
It was a failing experiment as the giant thing dropped an air bomb of methane hydrates straight down on the Overmen below, striking the skylight protecting the Overmen and breaking through with impunity. It was a mess, the players getting soaked with liquid methane instantly drying out their skin to a cracked red amalgamation of chemical burns normally seen in industrial accidents or extreme exposure in arctic lands or everyday pond hockey at the higher limits of the ancient iceberg block.
	It took work, but Daemon held the essense of his own idea, "Alright hey. We need a name. I know the sky just opened up on us and vomited, but let’s consider that good luck."
	With a glare Alejandro started his own kind of muttering, "What about thumping Anti-Grav?"
	One toe first Omar jumped into the pool of thought, "I got it I got it. Atmospheric River?"
	A little desperate Angel muttered on in his head only, "No."
	Eyes closed Omar mirrored, "Why not?"
	Feet first Angel jumped in, "That’s the name of your little brother’s hockey team. Doesn’t matter he is more of a professional than you."
	Cautiously Omar appeared complex in his emergence, "God’s gap, and we are no different. And my little brother doesn’t play hockey. He has a band named ‘Banned in Japan.’"
	Artificial awareness drove Angel deeper into his mind, "In your sandy backyard amigo. I heard them play music and hockey all day." 
Collectively, even without being present, the Overmen laughed in Daemon’s face as a group bound by the bond of hatred. Daemon reacted without action. He quietly looked out over the landscape of water towers as spotlights shun onto the ground below, each as their own little island and none independent enough to make much meaning to the grand arc of history. Daemon looked up at the broken skylight and laughed out loud again as an angry demigod, and sat back down native style on the ground to pray silently and alone.   
	Already on the path Daemon became an even more proud man, "No. Agents without The Anti-Grav."
	In less than a second Pascual raised his hand, "Our own Army. This one’s ours."
Daemon raised his hand in return. Pascual saw Daemon give him the sideeye, a question of his loyalty.
	With a knee slap Daemon demonstrated his pride, "This island is ours."
The team all stood in a circle, put their hands in the center of the group as if to make a cheer, and stood in silence instead with their mouths wide open. They looked as giant birds as if yelling at the top of their lungs with the methane burn clogging their vocal cords from singing their song.
, , ,
Midday was best for direct sunlight to shoot through the rhizomatic nodules of the L'Internationale double barracks. The interior was much as a series of courtyards really just big enough for fresh air and direct vertical light from above. The use of micro portraitdrones was controversial so the Bureau hid the inventory deep within the walls of the double barracks.
Wallet was a humble expert on the micro aviation scene. He flew an old portraitdrone to drop off dangling cargo, a set of dust epigenetic mini engines to Dominique’s clearstory arcade for pollination. The dead were perfect food for the vultures at the top of the ancient iceberg.
The whole thing was a modernly chaotic gnatkeeping operation, only difference was the purely synthetic creation of insects from none-natural means. It even ordered itself and reconstructed to function with entangled logic for maintained security at the highest level of encryption throughout the process.
Wallet walked away from the doors opening to the second floor arcade, the shadowy figure enough to get his flesh to hide from sight. Dominique stepped out, stunned and a little self-assured to see Wallet just standing there in a not so threating manner. Both their gazes shot off to the side as a way to deflect nervous energy. The LiDAR lines outside buzzed with a humming sound as dust gnats looking for a date. It was Wallet on the hunt, not the zombie cicadas on parade. 
	Eyes right Dominique was inquisitive, "Shipshape Wallet now I see why you wear rubber gloves with all the chances around here. You can get in real trouble."
Wallet stopped and turned around to look up at Dominique standing in a jet black mangrove folly patterned robe leaning over the arcade banister with rubber gloves and holding the railing as if suggesting she was going to slide down to make a super grand entrance at the bottom. 
	Gurgling his thoughts Wallet muttered on, "I love all your help finding how to get me on this team. But I do need to pay you for your order and move on with my life."
	Thoughts floated autonomously as Dominique continued her inquisitive mindset, "Wow, look at you now. All grown up and ready to fly. Well you just go ahead fly little one. I will be here to catch you if you fall. Beware of the contact tracing bureau, don’t think chance is on your side here."         
	Standing on his toe palms, Wallet grew to love muttering on, "We are going on a quick tournament run again and I am not sure when I will be back."
	It took work, but Dominique became an inquisitor, "No worries. Play your little game, and I will be here when you get back."    
	The light was bright shining on a proud Wallet, "Actually we just got picked up today as The Anti-Grav so, God’s gap, Agents, or The Anti-Grav now. Or whatever our name is. I actually don’t know what the official title is anymore. I guess our running personality is The Belt-Road Allstars, but we need to change to go on the road or something. And our mascot is a mess too."
	Her appearance grew feminine as Dominique became compassionate, "Sounds privileged, as you made it out of a wave-pool-boy shit existence and now into something you can be proud of. You sure you don’t want to come up and see your work in action?"           
Wallet stared at the pulsating dusty thorium mini engine with biometric bowls rigged to sound up so he could hear the binaural beats, the energizing dust gnats vibrating as dancers at a disco, or inside the disco ball looking for a martyr’s death. 
	Off a cliff Wallet continued on, "That is a true sight to see. You have to look inside up there."
	Nothing changed, Dominique was still compassionate, "Do you want to open it? Are you sure the dust gnats won’t fly out? Are they really that dedicated to the swarm?"     
Wallet landed the portraitdrone on the arcade with his skull implant lighting up with ultraviolet pulsating light and stepped inside the open ground level door as a soldier of chance looking for a fight. The winds began almost without warning. A derecho had formed, the next six eddies was intense wind not dependent on a larger scale meteorological process. 
Wallet quickly climbed the stairs up to Dominique’s dormitory conformal boundary Cubicle door before the rain hit. Hurriedly he started taking off his clothes and folded them in a neat pile on a chair in Dominique’s upstairs hallway as hypothermia would set in. Wallet realized the mission was absurd as he opened the door without knocking and stood silently in front of her for judgment.
	It took extra thought, but Wallet reasoned his curiosity, "I can see why they are so dedicated to dance, it is as they swarm in some biblical formation together."
	With little effort Dominique demonstrated her compassion, "Here, take hold of the spa aquarium. You will feel their energy."   
Wallet grabbed the spa aquarium and held it as a baby with a soiled diaper. 
	Left foot out first Wallet reluctantly stepped forward, "Love to, thank you so much."
	It took work for Dominique to be happy, "These little guys really pack a punch."           
One of the dust gnats started flying around Wallet and landed on his cheek. 
	Life was straight, Dominique maintained her happiness, "You’ve been blessed. This one likes you. So that means they all will. You just have to get past the Queen and you are in."
	Ready to fight Wallet held his thought in a special location, "In what? How do you know this? I thought dust gnats were new to you." 
	Snapping Dominique jumped back into her special happiness, "In with the dust gnats silly. I was new, but I researched it in the spiritual world, so now I know."
	He really felt it, Wallet loved the whole process, "The blockchain is unreliable in the spirit world. Nothing there can be verified or repeated in that world or this one."                    
	She felt different as Dominique held happiness with fundemental value, "That is not exactly true God’s gap. But unless you follow me there I will not be able to show you this kind of reality."
	Stepping up Wallet moved foward at a physical level, "But if I get on my knees you will show me?"
	Just under the surface Dominique was deeply upset, "Don’t be ridiculous. Get out of here child. Go enjoy your windstorm outside."                    
They saw from the ceiling void as the dust gnats from or beat spa aquariums around her dorm conformal boundary Cubicle swarmed Wallet and Dominique who were just standing there naked. 
, , ,
Most superfarm tower negatively curved envelopes sat low along the floating edge of the ancient iceberg block, but this one was different. At almost 10,000 feet above the sea waves just about anyone visiting needed to take a coax flight to ensure speed and safety. 
The Ancient iceberg Brush canyon ranch 4D welldeck was perfect for group events, the whole idea centered around not having anywhere to go to get away. Outside sat pearl formed tables for lunch and crafts. Chance was in highorder, even the squalling derecho passed overhead with a kind of reprieve from its own devastating winds. Aviation assets were given the green light for flight.
The superfarm had six full stories of insect pools and walls of vertical vegetables growing from the addiction cures developed within the synthetic ecosystem. The idea of picking an item off the wall as at the supermarket had a kind of futuristic appeal to all visitors. The truth was only robotic arms were allowed to pinch the harvest clean.
From outside They saw an electronic billboard had hovered below a hot air balloon with ‘Agents vs. The Anti-Grav’ displayed. Advertising began. The team cookout had pearl formed tables grafted from mangrove trees, black on the surface with a deep brown interior richness. Balloon fans filled the void while looking for autographs. Angel stood at a pearl form table with knots sitting around him. 
	Almost silent Anastasia optimized her shrill whisper, "So we finally got invited to the barbeque. It only took all of hockey history to get here."
Angel grabbed his plastic cup and climbed on top one of the specially formed tables and started walking around the top as a drunkard already in full oration as if giving a political speech. 
	It took work, but Angel needed to boast as an artist lying to point to truth, "You ladies need to pay attention. There’s one thing I know better than hockey, its sierra mixed frass my Caribbean garlic sauce. Go ahead and write about that in your blog there."
They just watched as Abcde took an dust in-between her fingers and instead of smashing it she popped it in her mouth to get her crunch on. 
	With a failure to think, Abcde held a condescending tone, "We shall see. And I don’t write blogs. I’m a designer, not a reporter, but I do run a travel agency. Designer lifestyles at your fingertips. If you want to research your future hotspot destination you can check out my blog."
Abcde once more took a bite of the dust and with surprised eyes she smiled at the taste somehow unexpectedly enjoyable. 
	Took some effort, but Angel went boasting on, "There, and you can seein your mouth. If you like."
	As if naked, Abcde was self critical, "Got to admit, that is a real sierra mixe frass. What is in it?"
	As the air sank Angel knew boasting had found a place, "It has spice syrup. That’s right. Mucho gusto. Zesty dust sierra mixe frass. You won’t find this in a vending appliance on the street."
	Ready to go, Abcde stepped into her critical role, "It’s cute at first, now I just want to shake them into reality, kick the machine and see what happens. You never know, might get lucky and get a free sample."
	An air of conceit drove Angel to the next level, "You ever see two spa aquariums get tangled at the beach?"
	One finger in the air Abcde was perpetually critical to the chaos of nature, "No."
	Looking forward Angel pointed toward the value of reality, "Check it out."  
Abcde smiled as Angel nodded with acknowledgement. High in the sky two hot air balloons with different signage twisted and got tangled up. They started spinning around each or and accelerated as a pair of dancers ready to make the big final move. Instead they caught on fire, the pair of dancing balloons more as weight loss victims falling apart at the site of pound cake. They both fell into the water and extinguish themselves as the entire event was witnessed in horror by anyone accessing a portraitdrone live news feed. 
From the floor They watched Daemon as he took a seat, pulled himself up on the bench and realized it was his own design, his first pearl formed mangrove grafted table. He designed and signed it by carving his name into the wood by hand with a lightening axe. The inscription marks were still not clear coated to protect it from order. The exposed etching was a small opportunity to remember what it felt as to create the original form from years ago. Daemon pointed to engraving as a fan finding a star as he sat to ponder the moment quietly and simply played it off with a hint of embarrassment. Maybe no one knew who did it, he thought. 
	Head held high Daemon continued his proud demeanor, "Is that yours?"
Pascual took a bite of some crushed bugbar dust from a bowl on the table, the leftovers from calleruction almost more potent in its prepackaged form, but the party favor packed a punch too. 
	Not looking back Pascual raised his hand in protest, "It is."
Abcde interrupted and took a seat, uncomfortably crossed her legs the other way and flipped her hair to the side as if or Overmen cared to watch. 
	Time stopped as Abcde continued with her critical stance, "Sorry to bore you each, but is that the last bowl you’ve got?"
	With a glare Pascual lowered his hand, "I understand you want to be all public with your blog, but that only shows why you don’t have a real circle of friends. So that is why you are here, to see if we can be friends?"
Abcde sat there in silence as the very sound of such truth bombs exploding all around demonstrated a secondary truth about bombs. Their sting burns flesh as the branding of knowledge onto the brain. She crossed her legs again the or direction uncomfortably as if concealing a second hidden truth. 
	Without justification Abcde was critical to a point of failure, "How conceited. Do I really look as someone who is driven by popularity? Really?"
	He knew work was on the way up as Pascual looked sideways with corruption in his eyes, "Who else would wear red framed glasses as that and get in everybody’s face?"
	Looking inside Abcde grew critical at the thought, "True."
Abcde leaned back on her arms as if taking in the sun rays pressing against a beach towel, really her only way of deflecting the negative attention she did not know how to sponge up, the truth seeping into her soul without her mind having any idea how it got there. She tilted back her head to look straight up to the sky as if in contemplative prayer and meditation. It was an act Abcde never mastered or even looked as she mastered but kept doing it anyway as a deep enough fake she could post online showing life experience for her growing blog.
The barbeque party continued with diffuse laughter and good energy filling the air. From over his shoulder They watched Wallet walked with a plate of fare, took a bugbar from the cooler and sat at the table next to Daemon. 
	Face forward Daemon grumbled with happiness, "The children can’t have any of that bugbar stuff, so keep it safe Trina. And please, those magnetic lashes are ridiculous. All I see is a vulture." 
Trina took her drink and got up sit somewhere else. She had had enough strange energy around her. Trina gave Daemon a look as they would get back to what they were planning later, in bed. A little jealousy rose, Daemon saw Wallet give him the sideeye. The glare was a question of loyalty and a question of solidarity as well.
	She felt her design was glorious so Trina mirrored her own happiness, "Going to get a hard one, would you like? And by the way, I am a ridiculous vulture. Who else would eat your dead meat?"
It was a real party as Felix entertained at a nearby table. From around the hockey community worldwide more fans appeared as the 4D welldeck lit up with virtual spectators. The LED system worked as radar to ping and rebuild everything it saw into a truly magnificent sculpture for fans to witness in the comfort of anywhere their projector could power up. 
Not really a circus show, Felix stepped right up with a spontaneous hand stand, both feet in the air to show off his prowess. Trina kept her head down and stepped up to a vending machine, her first choice always prefabricated food instead of getting the fresh post farmed bycalleruct from any display bowl on the tables. Trina kept her head down not want to be disturbed as she got a bugbar from the vending machine. Only one type existed, the only flavor they had available for sale. The berry brunch cake flavor was more of a modern recipe with extra species of zombie cicadas interspersed within the main bar to give it volume and a unique flavor signature. 
Trina stood there long enough to attract attention. A short line of bugbar patrons lined up and almost started pushing to get closer to the machine. Somehow Wallet reached for the dispensed bugbar at the same. They touch hands.  
	With blind morality Trina continued with her happiness, "Wallet, right?" 
Wallet stood straight to attention to address her. Dominique sat in the background sipping a drink and watched the two interact. 
	Giving up privacy Wallet muttered on, "Yes Ma’am."
	Standing there Trina smiled with a kind of reversion, "I’m Trina, during the day Team Order at night Austrian School flow. Daemon of course is different. And I see you have an admirer over theredon’t worry, Dominique and I are very-very good friends. Is that why you’re so nervous? Well don’t be. I am very open."
	They thought Wallet loved to mutter, "I am sure I do not know what you are talking about." 
	With a glare Trina smiled again, "Everybody knows you and Dominique are an item. Why be ashamed?"
	He kept quiet at first and Wallet really tried not to mutter, "I am not ashamed. And I am not sure what you heard about me."
	She felt hope, Trina still smiled, "Mass, mucho mass."
	He was done, Wallet stopped muttering, "I respect your husband and love the opportunity he gave me. So I will not let him down."
	Ready to go, Trina continued, "Very good. Good to hear. Bueno." 
The two of them stood there awkwardly drinking from their flasks as true addicts scratching at or and with a kind of exposed rage looked at or as if ready to fight. They were more as secret lovers than adversaries, they just didn’t know it yet. 
	Down and dirty, Wallet restricted his muttering, "I’m sorry, but does something about me bore you?"
	Looking in the mirror, Trina really loved her own smile, "Not at all, just curious why the facial recognition bias chose you to persecute. I would think your hair would keep you safe, but I guess I am wrong. I know you work for the contact tracing bureau, but do they even care about you? Your double barracks are a mess, falling apart really."
	It was a problem for him, Wallet refrained from more muttering, "That is one of the reasons we are here, to rebuild. I know you never have seen me in uniform, but I assure you we are working to build a better island from a blockchain perspective."     
	As if a screen character Trina imposed a rule set on her own smile, "I don’t see how by keeping order in check you keep us all safe."
	The very idea of pounding his chest Wallet felt the ultimate muttering man, "I help keep all blockchain daily diary hyperlinks safe. That’s all. Keeping absolute chance going is the only way."     
	Looking deeper Trina smiled on the inside, "I thought chance was relative."
	Hovering over the exit button Wallet stopped muttering, "Not exactly, at least not in this world."        
Wallet looked up at the sky as a portraitdrone flew by and scanned the party with a rainbow ray of light tracing the ground as a good luck charm. Abcde bumped into Trina clearly to make conversation, an idea he was not too keen on at the moment. 
	Ready to get started Abcde picked up the smiling thread, "So are you too married, caller I see your man with some or girl."
	Feeling on top a seesaw Trina snapped back, "Butt out Bitch."        
Trina saw Abcde give her the sideeye in return. Everything was a question of loyalty to her, a challenge requiring something in return.
, , ,
Almost 30,000 feet above they witnessed a tetrapod of pearl ornithopters as they did their work skywriting through the cloths, pumping out nimble drizzle droplets in dot matrix across the atmosphere above. They felt a spiral gravity of love collapse into a specific measurement of certainty. A spool of fiber from orbit slammed into the ground before them. Just click into the thumbnail sensor to link up.
TURN ON THE RAIN, cliché, all platitudes. and the 4D interface shadow thin projection implant was spontaneously installed in the back of the head. The privacy of qualia was breached again.
Dominique and Angel laid on the beach on top a giant towel dug into the sand by their hands and feet with Dominique’s butt forming the sand below into a unseen heart shaped sculpture.
	Toes digging in Dominique started reaching down, "Why are you here? You have no real depth to you Angel, your tungsten anchor floats on top the sea as trash from ashore."
	As a starting condition Angel started covering his cough, "I am just reporting on what I see myself. I am not going to invent some story to please you."                           
	Not a paperweight Dominique bent over more to reach down, "Tell me a story which won’t please me, just tell me a story."
	The math was simple for Angel to cover his false narrative, "You are a two dimensional character jumping out a mirror, and yes that scares me. I also find it fascinating. I love it and I want to see more."                            
They projected their signatures into the quaternion. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract.  
Having a fling between two confused adults always clocked out a spark of some kind. They both locked arms and laid back imagined the point of libration out there in the void above them. The Blockchain had meaning and the two were ready to commit to the system and sacriffabric.  Chance arrived, a connection and a signal lock shot back down online. A text message rang between them as if not from their caller system, a daily diary message indicating a successful upload to the contact tracing bureau. It was done, and they were in.

Chapter _One
MIRRORED INTERIOR pearls sat next to or as if in a comedy club, laughing and carrying on in unintelligible delight. Each pearl was as a personalized fun house with distorted mirrors giving off the noodle effect to entangle and entertain as a quantum computing game spitting qubits right back at him. In reality each user had a personalized optical bell drive to align their spirit and mind to avoid the pain of spaghettification.
	Out of turn Daemon spoke to himself, "There is no way out of this maze, is there?"    
Daemon sat in his Auger EmDrive and stared at the mirrored interior fully contemplating the moment. Totally out of sorts he went ahead and put on his custom headset to listen to some binaural beats and tried to relax and focus to pray a little. It was almost a daily practice, one Daemon closed his eyes to see what he could not see. But the light around him kept the spirit world a little fuzzy without full emersion into the darkness right in front his face. 
There were alternatives though. One option was to take a lateral gene transfer from an spa aquarium beside the seat that Daemon began with spray-on zinc corals. It was the Auger EmDrive with a thick layer of life as the easiest way to inspire a new moment of discovery. as a cosmic joke most of it flew back in his face, coated his skin as sunscreen leaving a zk- tinge to his skin. A small ornamental vanity mirror sat on the side of the chamber, so Daemon grabbed it to inspect his face carefully. 
	With an audible cracking sound Daemon inhaled while stretching his tailbone, "Past lives, who would have thought? Why do I have to get to the end of the line before coming back to reality? We need to reboot S.I. without bias, without racism. What a joke, I wonder if we were all zk- would it matter to the computers anymore?"    
Daemon turned up the sound in his headset. The energy waves crossed in his brain in asymmetrical patterns. it was his job to average out the sound to construct a meaningful reality. Quickly Daemon fell asleep with the zk- lateral gene transfer coagulating under his eyes as the residual energy seeped out of his skin. The stuff even changed to a different shade of brown. The new lifelike glow grew vines into his hair as varicose veins spidering up a tree trunk, a natural look not yet in fashion. Not even simplified spaghettification theory explained the event parameters.
	Standing straight Daemon inhaled, "Digital pheromones in the Blockchain to eliminate S.I. bias? How does that work? Looks as vexed vulture feathers might do the trick. Right." 
Daemon unzipped the chamber of the Auger EmDrive and tried not to stare at the mirrored interior. He reached his hand out to grab for the spa aquarium on the side and rolled out of the giant tote, held it open with his legs as a gymnast and jumped out in one solid movement. Daemon zipped up the chamber again and immediately grabbed his head with obvious discomfort. The dust gnats started glowing inside the small spa aquarium, but did not make a sound. 
	Rolling his eyes Daemon overreacted by inhaling, "That ringing in my ear has got to stop. This isn’t funny anymore." 
Daemon laid down, swatted at his head and started rubbing his face, a quick massage and meditation was all it took with a deep breath and Daemon fell asleep almost instantly. From below the chamber brass flywheels popped out and slowly rose Daemon up off the ground. The chamber tilted for his comfort and began rolling him away to a darker section of the Auger EmDrive with a smoky mirrored interior array set up.
, , ,
Vertical farming made more sense on the ancient iceberg than anywhere else. With an abundance of water, reflected light and cool surface temperatures the ancient iceberg made for a perfect environment. With one to two percent of the world losing freshwater land to climate change and rising sea levels the idea was to fix the problem with the cause. addiction cure protect the soil from sunlight and extreme temperature fluctuations during day and night. It was a perfect system to generate sweet an salty potatoes right off the vine. 
The 4D welldeck served many uses from entertainment to life support, but the most important job the void filled was muster point to move to other locations high on the ancient iceberg. The six-story superfarm tower negatively curved envelope lumbered above the saline insect pools as a meditative location to aid in accessing higher levels of conscious agency. 
Daemon woke up surprised, chest sweating and breath as it was his last, the claustrophobic interior of the Auger EmDrive feeling more as a trap than escape. Daemon fumbled to unzip the chamber. Daemon got it open. 
He sat up to look around and attempt to understand his surroundings. The first face Daemon saw was Felix, the whole idea of the infant emerging anew did not apply to the Overmen even though they wished it could be a moment of discovery during order.
	Face forward Daemon continued inhaling with a penetrating breathe, "Where the hell am I?" 
Felix reached in and pulled out Daemon almost kicking and screaming as a newborn. Both Overmen were on their feet and moved before Daemon had his eyes fully open. It was a short distance, but the movements were lumbered and slow. Both Overmen stood behind the stationary Felix as if going to punish Daemon with a ruler. Felix was armed with a long wooden ruler with that metal edge to keep the pencil lines sharp and slapped his hand to signify control. 
	With a smirk Daemon noticed how much he loved his own laugh, "Please don’t tell me where we are going. I as it better that way."    
Felix held onto Daemon by the shoulders as an animal being guided through a dangerous mountain pass, Felix turning Daemon slightly to make the movements less lumbered.
	Scratching his nose in covert protest Felix continued with his special smile, "What I have to show you over here no one has ever seen except for me and myself."
	It was awkward as Daemon laughed in his special way, "Seriously, this is a gift?"    
	Almost automatically Felix fell in love with smiling, "My hidden bluelit NFT Luddite wig is definably unique, I just can’t define it right now. You will be the one to discover it after I am gone. I was able to address the camera camouflage from the energy changing the angle refraction of light. A lot of technical stuff. The dust spa aquarium was disappearing in front of me so I designed a resin to address the bias with entangled order. No more racist facial recognition mistakes. Doesn’t matter which version of reality the system sees. And that is why I am in computer science. Funny since your name is Daemon."
	Touching his nose Daemon laughed again as he does, "You never thought it might not be a mistake. Don’t you get it? If we are fighting ourselves zk- can infiltrate the void. It’s so obvious. What is this portraitdrone doing here?"                         
	With a tilt of his head Felix kept on smiling, "We are going to take some pictures for the camp. I have the correct background so the photograph looks racist, but you are going to rub in this resin for the facemask recognition to memorize your features and build the appropriate database for everyone on the island. Or, do you prefer to be invisible to the world. But I think that has been going on long enough."
	Almost not caring Daemon just laughed on, "What are you talking about? How can the picture itself be racist?"           
	Out of a kind of fear Felix tried to grab his own smile for nothing, "It is simple Daemon, it is all about contrasting colors. The problem is the two-bit agent does not have a detailed database of the island. So that is what we need to fix. Once it knows it will no longer suppress the minority which has tended to avoid facial recognition in general. A little too island if you ask me. Off the grid kind of stuff is why the United States has made the split."         
Daemon took a little of the resin and rubbed it on his face, turned slightly as if a runway model on the catwalk seducing the crowd and smiled for the portraitdrone to photograph him. Daemon added the inferred scanned detail as well, a little smile to show his laser cut teeth from previous hardcore games in his truly previous hockey star lifestyle.
From over his shoulder They watched The entire void was alive with activity. It was a scene of action as two random unmasked players took turns shooting pucks at groins, wearing two goalie cups one on top for protection and or more a hindrance than its orth. 
Off to the side Dominique watched in disbelief as the crowd of daily diary gamblers cheered on more stupidity. She stood as a fly on the wall to get a good idea of what became of her home she loved so much when a child. It had become an adult mess-ground transformed into a sports industrial complex for global analytics and addicts working to predict the future for profit and fun. The excitement of picking winners and losers was always an American cycle in order, only the island made it more of what history always was already going to be.  
From the back of his head They watched Wallet walked into the shade of the old water tower, the shadow a sad sunless trace of a cooled mass hoisted in the air as an engineering victory to behold and marvel at. Angel leaned against the main column supporting the water tower, his bugbar snack with peppered spice on the side was a normal look for Angel. Even his lazy attitude translated to every act he committed in public, his private life even more vague and frustrating to describe.
	Looking forward Wallet just kept on smiling, "So have you made it to heaven yet, Angel?"
	Staring cross eyed from leaning foward so much Angel smiled carefully, "Hilarious. Where can I see you on stage performing your hand written skit?"      
Wallet clearly wanted to mimic Angel, leaning against the column while looking at the ground was the best look to incorporate for a passerby to see and judge for themself. 
	Without care Wallet advanced his smile to see how it stuck, "You all good, or no?"         
Angel took a seat on the ground Indian style, left foot over the calf muscle of his right leg. 
	Holding still Angel smiled on, "I am not good, my girl made sure of that. The spray-on zinc coral life has taken over my body and my soul is corrupted from it."           
Dominique wanted to watch in secret for only so long. Instead she took a noticeably long distance to walk over. She sat down native style next to Angel and touched her left knee against his right one to transfer some energy as the old cell phone technology from the G5 era. 
	As a politician would Dominique corrupted her own laugh, "Angel, would you as to live with me? I have a conformal boundary cubicle for a soul just as yours."
	Fist to face Angel continued coughing, "I don’t think that would be the best thing right now in my life."         
	Licking his dry lips Wallet took off his happy smile, "Right now you have nothing in your life Angel."
	Not getting drunk herself Dominique had an intoxicating laugh, "Then it is settled Angel. You are moving in with me. I will get you better. I might even get you your own gray and yellow pin striped stretched range wagon with aerodynamic roof racks so you can carry your surfboards. And no more alcohol. You have to quit drinking too."
	Biased on his own Angel coughed with a heavy spiritual weight, "I don’t surf. I play beach hockey. I never understood that culture, just a bunch of lazy people camping on the beach and getting wasted. But they do love watching beach hockey, the fabric waves forming out of nowhere are for sure an interesting part of the game."                                               
	Hiding covert intentions Wallet had a mysterious smile, "Yeah well those lazy people are your supporters paying good coin to come to your games, so you better sober up. They can’t bet on beach hockey, but anyone can bet on the Augerpod Camp. This is your big chance Angel. Don’t you see that?"
	Not sure of himself Angel coughed carefully, "Our games are free online, kind of as the surf report. Same website. You don’t have to show up in person. Besides the daily diary experience puts you on the icy waves while in person you just sit in the stands to watch and bet. You can drink at home and watch if you would like. The beer at the arena bowling alley is twice as expensive and half as strong anyway. They even outlawed quadruple IPA’s just to make a point."
	Holding still Dominique laughed with a plain tone, "Life is lived in person. Don’t be so pessimistic. That must be why you wear two cups, not for your protection, but to store your extra strong beer."                    
All three sat native style on the rocky ground. Wallet shook a spray-on zinc coral can to excite the lateral gene transfer with life. He looked at a specially shaped rock and tilted his head to the side as if imagining a picture before he sprayed it. Wallet pointed the nozzle cap and began working the rock to outline an anamorphic image as a panoramic photo in real life. 
	His spirit melting away Angel coughed with a random tone, "A bowl of balls is a community commitment unlike one chopped off techie as an individual chofabric. You ever think of that?"
	Eyes wide Wallet still loved to smile, "No wonder you never have sharp fluted spitskates, you would trip over your feet just as your words and especially those convoluted ideas."     
	She knew they were done so Dominique just started laughing, "Wow, I didn’t expect such darkness from your humor Wallet. Looks as we might become real good friends after all. All three of us. I as your butt Angel, real Angelic when reaching up and standing on your toes."
	Looking down Wallet smiled in return, "It’s not a party without at least three ready for fun."
	Thunb out half hitchhicking half sucking Angel coughed with a small pulse of ghostly breath, "Let me finish my bowl of spice and I will be out of your hair."                                   
The three red faced from embarrassment looked at each with amazement on how far they took it, a moment of silence, and finally burst out laughing. They all dropped to the ground from sitting, and to rolling around on the pulverized soil underneath. A collective moment of reflection and release all rolled up into one experience between three very different people, a new age event only possible with G6 sub implants to focus their feelings even if only one of the three had it installed. The science was still new, but it worked with real efficiency and frightened most adolescents around the world into social compliance with the new virtual normal. 
They came to a stop, lined up next to each and looked straight up at the sky. A portraitdrone hovered over them working to scan their faces for the archive but really only frightened more teens into thinking they were losing their emotional freedoms. Each made a monkey face to throw off the data. The reality was everyone tried to throw off the data which of course translated into its own kind of data. Nothing was right, but everything was recorded. 
	Hands up Dominique covered her somber eyes, "See no evil."
	Fingers in Wallet covered his sticky ears, "Hear no evil."
	Thumb down Angel covered his muzzled cough, "Speak no evil."    
Dominique lowered her hands from her eyes, reached over to Angel and Wallet’s pants zipper and grabbed each as a drugged out homeless prostitute looking for work. 
	Dropping tears Dominique reached down again, "And most important, feel no evil."
	Spit inked out as Angel covered his cough again, "I call my techie, the divining rod, since it always finds water."                           
	Raising his elbows forward Wallet covered his ears, "How about rose cream thorns stuck in the pickle bush? Did you hear that techie?" 
Dominique pulled back her hand and sat straight up as a random portraitdrone passed by and off to groups of individuals to scan for gamblers. Angel and Wallet sat up to mimic Dominique and to camouflage from the portraitdrone, all three laughing out loud as if they had a chance to avoid the machines. Dominique reached for Wallet’s shoulder and climbed to her feet with a grunt of exercise and started walking toward the hushed crowdsource of chance amalgamating around the hovering portraitdrone marking the position for a new bio machine to start growing as a terrestrial reef searching for spray-on zinc coral paint as flowering nut trees to the bees. 
	Steadfast Angel continued covering his cough, "Let’s go find Anastasia, maybe her resting ugly-O-snatch face has perked up."
	Copying Angel Wallet covered up his ears, "Such a techie."
	Copying herself Dominique reached down even further, "Aren’t we all?"                         
Dominique stretched her arms upward to the sky and wrapped them around Wallet and Angel’s shoulders, all three walking off together as if they had finally made friends. 
, , ,
The strange addiction cure brush formed across the mountainous ancient iceberg had a truly zk- green tinge to it. The color was as sea foam green bubbling to the surface from a well of dormant energy just inside the transparent layer of fabric.  it was sunset and light shot through the solid salt water layer as a laser melting paper chunks on the barbeque.
Daemon stood in front of the hushed daily diary crowdsource of chance and rubbed his hands together with anticipation, but nothing concrete to feel solid about. He started tapping his fingertips to the music in the background, a sub source of sound as the semi permanence from the beginning of the daily diary simulation constantly repeating the moment of creation as a rerun you can never really tune out. 
	With a strange smile Daemon perverted his own laugh to distort the signal, "Chance to speak the language of hockey from where it all started. I am sure not many of you know the origin."
	Even in rebuke Felix did love to smile, "Speak English Daemon. We don’t have a chance to figure out what you mean."
	Steadfast Daemon remained calm, "I’ll speak English. You know, Agents are the first hockey team in this entire Hyper Loop Hockey League to walk on as we did. and if you believe that, that’s saying something. I’m not going to pour spice on it, this first season as The Anti-Grav is not going to be easy. We’re going to be traveling all over the world. We’re going to be gliding harder, sleeping less and going without family ties longer. So it’s important that this Agents family pulls together. I have some dust gnats. This way you can always be connected. Don’t abuse the connection people. Don’t go off the deep end please. Use the spray-on zinc coral sparingly and only to maintain the system and never in anger."                   
Daemon tossed the first bugbar dust into the clapping crowd, their seal-like barking drowning out the sound electricity arcing to create the virtual images. It was a Daily diary crowdsource of chance in the corner, the little biological appliance acquiring an owner as an adopted animal looking for a real biological home.
	Frowning first Felix felt his own smile start to grow, "I am going to echo Daemon here for a moment, so please bear with me. We must be on the same page hereprevious lives means the eternal soul came first for the body to be inhabited throughout order. The two-bit agent may want to inhabit more than one body at the same order, but we have rules. If you want to test them, bad things may happen."
	Holding his waistline Daemon laughed on the inside, "Now you’re starting to sound as the All-Father doing math to prove a point. Let me guess, the soul is created during the chance of conception?"
	With solice Felix smiled quietly, "For a neon tubes that would be the best case scenario."          
	Just having to react Daemon laughed in response, "So is that why so many kill themselves? They want to be free of the body which traps the soul. They resent their creator and it was not God. Synthetic intelligence has a major flaw, a bad bit of code. I understand now why the fitness crowd is so powerful. They want to live again even if it means animating a communal body. A little life is better than none at all."
	Taking in some air Felix centralized his tonal laugh, "With that argument why don’t we just retrofit the dust gnats so each soul can have its own body? That is perfectly reasonable. And we can stop eating bugbars too, who needs vitamin B12 anyway?"
	Almost without care Daemon laughed on, "I’d as to see you retrofit a bug please. How do you make it attract a soul who doesn’t want to be there? Who wants to be food anyway?"
	Snapping back Felix laughed in response, "Well, I will let L'Internationale figure that one out."                                        
Both Overmen laughed out loud as the chocked on the cold, a hacking cough erupting from the frigid northern tournament air. The punched or on the shoulder as if celebrating a good game, the sportsmanship of debate something both holding in high regard, yet never taking debate to the next level and really tacking big issues as the origin of chance.
, , ,
Daylight shot through the ceiling a meteor strike changing the course of history. Electrical storage was a huge issue on the island and the slinky neon tubes factory both used and stored a lot of jufabric.  Arriving back on the island from up north drained the soul of essential force, the Earth itself transmitting energy from one landmass to another to keep the frequency of atmospheric pressure steady so a shockwave did not travel across the globe.

Wallet carried his minature simplex thorium engine and personal neon tubes through the large doors opened to the back alley, the large doors both inviting and pushing away as the gates of hell wrapping its wrought iron around you. Angel taped up the appliance with seaweed mead bubble wrap normally used to transport ancient iceberg’s and stepped back to see if it looked as camouflage. He hoped maybe it even disappearing through entangled order since the portholes tended to pop up around the factory. 
No luck though. He expected immediate results.
	Without thinking Angel coughed on, "There she is God’s gap little personae. Chance to release the poison."
	At first holding back Dominque exploded with full intention, "You messed up big here. What chance do you support God’s gap?"    
	More reserved Wallet coughed in his own way, "You know something? I mean do you really know something? What you are doing here makes no sense. Not at all."                      
Wallet looked around as if to discover something wrong to focus on and fix it. The only problem was his gaze noticed nothing new.
	Considering reality Wallet understood he was a true sinner, "I just want to show Angel my dusty engine. You never know. But what did you do here? You can’t tinker with air conditioning energy. You know that."         
Angel raised his hand to signal to the personal neon tubes to start recording a close up of him speaking.
	Considering all possible intentions Angel coughed a deeply galvanizing gaze, "I worked over a dusty thorium mini engine and retrofitted everything, the electro-bath, overhead lights, the kitchen, the whole factory so basically we can get power from anywhere to your personal neon tubes without interruption. Free power. Even better than controlled electrostatic repulsion. So now what?" 
Wallet knocked on the mini engine as a kid at the zoo tapping on the violent proof glass just to prove it works.
	Not caring Wallet kept on smiling, "Wow, what else can I say? Free oil."
	With both eyes closed Angel started looking down, What a compliment."  
Wallet hummed into the mini engine as a seashell song, a moving scene, Dominique starting to cry as the melodramatic actress she is looking for a new domestic role.
	Almost floating Dominique kept her laugh light, "Sure that’s such a good idea sweetie? I understand you need to get the bluelit NFT Luddite wig to equilibrium, but everything is out of whack here. Don’t you think? Do you think?"            
Angel stood as a man with his hands on hips as if to pull a revolver from his pocket, instead resting his hand on Wallet’s shoulder as a big brother ready to snatch him back from harm. Wallet reached to his back and picked up Angel’s hands to pull them off as a rough street game of mercy. 
	Fully confident Angel carried a jokingly smug smile, "One fight, one victory, one team God’s gap."
From over his shoulder They watched in the kitchen Wallet held a buzzing mini engine as an anonymous personal neon tubes roamed in as a homeless prostitute. Wallet began dancing to the sound of the dusts music, but only the dust gnats reacted inside the bugbar spa aquarium and no one else. 
	Without skipping a beat Wallet kept up singing, "You as the mini engine or what? You know they have exceptional powers God’s gap."
	Half full of darkness Dominique laughed at him, "You overthink things in order. And I overthink things a lot more than you, so that’s saying."
Angel barged in through the big glass, steel and wooden ornamented doors with a rubber piñata type neon tubes case in hand. Smiling slightly Angel dragged a accumulator behind him as a wagon wheel cooking in movement. They just watched as Angel air fried a whole vexed vulture. He shoved it in the glass aquatic zk- oven rolling on brass flywheels at its base as a monument to the islands automotive history in a display case.
	Filling with rage Angel turned awkwardly to smile, "I’m back."
	Without delay Wallet started screaming, "How can you take so long, I think I’m dying."
	Holding a tiny smile Dominique evolved her laugh into a powerful line of thought, "Relax, that’s just your cheap shirt running out of color. It is a permeable fabric."               
Angel emptied out the contents onto the kitchen table as a cop looking for some contraband, the militant mindset pulling him back to a kind of entangled reality not yet set in history. 
	Bawking back Angel smiled on, "How’s the dusty polytope cloth doing, melted yet? mini engine I know. I have an adaptive neon tubes biometric mycelium textile wrap that should work as a substitute if this whole thing goes up south. Daemon had it in his office locked away. I know the secret combination to his backup entrance of the conformal boundary cubicle walk in closet."
	Holding back a bit Wallet started calming down more, "What, really? The mini engine sounds as a really bad idea already in progress. It’s as a jumping bean, so how is wrapping the mini engine going to calm the zombie cicadas down? Why don’t we just eat them instead?" 
Angel opened up a bluelit NFT Luddite wig meter, the spa aquarium covered device perfect for keeping zombie cicadas from infiltrating if they started to swarm. It was as a Fund vault with pure oxygen inside worth more than honey purest gold.  
	He had no idea why but Angel kept on smiling, "How does wrapping the ancient iceberg block in that virtual Austrian School get it to the island in one giant piece? I never understood the whole concept really, adding frozen ocean water to the fresh water as a thermal buffer always was a bad idea to me."
Wallet took the bluelit NFT Luddite wig meter and started nudging at the accumulator, the whole vexed vulture air frying into pieces as a flightless bird jumping off a cliff to a potentially slow death as the spiral gravity started to fluctuate inside the appliance giving the bird a real chance at natural flight inside the wind tunnel. 
	No other thoughts flowed over him as Wallet maintained a calming tone, "I know you think you know what you are talking about, but look at the black sphere in the head, it cooks just as the rest of the body."
	Holding back at first Angel then contributed a single thought, "Listen, you need to Austrian School wrap the mini engine as we wrapped the ancient iceberg block, nice and tight with the greenest surface Seaweed Mead-like Austrian School box structure even a coral reef would grow into as vines up flagpole, nice and tight all the way to the top."
	Totally done for Dominique laughed through her nose, "That made no sense."               
Wallet fumbled with the bluelit NFT Luddite wig meter, the gauges on the instrument cluster read in the red suggestive of a true danger zone. He started pacing around hitting the meter with his hands to see if the reading would change. It could not. 
	He had no idea why but Wallet was truly troubled on the inside, "No. What? This can’t be right." 
Angel held his hands on top his head as a confused old man at the zoo looking for the petting park for his grandchild to see the animals. He leaned over in fear and contemplated the tiny grains of sand around his feet as close to what the zombie cicadas understood as eternity right before they were ground up into protein bars and distributed as gourmet snacks to health conscientious island locals. 
	Almost at the end of brain power Angel considered the end of contributing any more thought, "No bueno man. Call the news station with the number Dominique gave you. We need to evacuate the island. This thing is going to get out of control real fast."
Wallet spun his mini engine as a centrifuge on the ground as a break dancer learning new moves. He thought if the force could keep the energy inward and balanced, the whole world had a second chance for natural selection to run its course instead the genetic manipulations of everything getting out of control on a global scale. 
	Not sure why Wallet felt an embodied existence, "Something is not right over there. We need to do something about it now."
	With intention Angel lurched forward, "Something not right as in something is wrong?"
	Holding back at first Wallet had a contributing thought, "I don’t know, the system is in a feedback loop or something. I think the bugbars might come to life if any spray-on zinc coral paint got directly on them."
	Stepping forward Dominique felt compelled to contribute a thought of her own, "We’ve got to go to L'Internationale. Even if that is impossibly possible we need to check it out."
	All about it Wallet responded in kind, "Great, first chance at The Belt-Road Allstars factory alone and I have to make an emergency trip to rescue the world from myself. An evacuation to L'Internationale of all places, that’s not an evacuation at all, that’s a prison sentence to eternal academic scrutiny."
	Feeling obligated Dominique also responded, "Not an evacuation. Just a chance saver. A precaution right?"
	Without regret Angel surprised himself, "You’re right Dominique. As usual."   
Angel stepped up to the accumulator air frying the levitating whole vexed vulture and started punching the thing as an opponent of the fabric.  The vending machine reacted. With sharpened photoelectric blades the accumulator fileted skin and breast meat with robotic precision. The juicy flesh dropped to a hexagonal serving plate below sight. Angel was surprised to the point of calm. He just stood there and waited for the machine to dispense the freshly cooked food. 
, , ,
Inside the augertricity doped metallic hydrogen research fund even red brick turned glossy pastel from the high pressure particles sticking in its pores. Daylight had a way of finding cracks in the brick, a kaleidoscope of photonic energy extending past the blocks internal iron molecules in a kind of ballerina split.
The giant reservoir held an array of echolocation jamming bells designed to hover above a coop full of dust gnats floating in peace, their bodies sacrificed to the rebirth of life of spray-on zinc corals and air-conditioned energy. It was a true scene of living art even L'Internationale did not want to grind up for protein bars with their name on it to promote the legitimate source of spirit and chance with no souls sacrificed. Not one spirit was lost to the array of entangled order floating around unchecked. Wallet picked up one of the bells and started ringing it with the thong strapped to his thumbnail.
Abcde walked up to shake Wallet’s clumsy club of a hand. One close look at the back of his hand and she just pulled away in disgust, the reaction on her face a contorted twist of distain. Wallet felt the same as he looked at her wrapped knuckles, his natural inclination to sneer at her hands as she was diseased. 
	Without hesitation Wallet kept on contributing, "How are the dust gnats doing? If binaural beats work on humans why not zombie cicadas too? It’s a simple concept."
	Mouth open Abcde started chewing, "You were right to call someone with experience in bluelit NFT Luddite wig. You were in no threat here, but you really should do some research before you go any further with your little experiment here. Why didn’t you talk to someone about it when you were in Put? They have a massive energy industry there. They were able to pull some ancient bacteria up from the lake floor and get it to generate some kind of perpetual mini engine. I am not sure how it works. I know it is still experimental when we left. It was more than the bio-ore we all know about. I heard they may have carved hydrogen channels out from the Sun."
	Full of light Wallet jumped in with a sarcastic tone, "I will take that into consideration for my next trip. Can I get your travel agency to book a tour?"
	Ready to commit Dominique had a novel thought, "Humiliation is a great motivator. I shall keep it in his mind as well. But of course I do as a good humiliating experience. Wallet, the bells are not binaural beats by the way."
	Grunting aloud Abcde kept on chewing, "Remember to always point the bluelit NFT Luddite wig meter toward the ground first to get a base reading, not in the air as you did everything will look contaminated. There is too much background interference."
	Feeling alone Wallet added his own contribution, "Thank God for all your help."
	With a competitive glare Abcde chewed on, "You can pray and spray or get educated the rational way. This empirical stuff can really end up badly, unless you want to go down in the history books no one reads anymore, not even online equally."  
The women looked at or acted confused as children trying to get what they wanted from their parents without them knowing it. Wallet picked up one of the bells and started ringing it with the thong strapped to his thumbnail.
	Also commited Pascual added his own thought, "It is speaking to me."  
The small group stood confused and quietly pondered within their own minds, quietly making private faces public to the roaming neon tubes peeking through the clearstory above, the inner working of robotic minds still not fully understood to anyone and especially not the bots.
, , ,
Super sensitive instruments and antenna type contraptions filtered through the red brick hallway as a nervous system designed to stimulate simulations of reality. The buffet was always open, always serving bugbar experiments and rejects. The only rule was to take a survey on what you ate, the next chance showing up without taking it was the last record you got to choose your bugbar flavor. At night it mattered what you ate, some of the bugbars containing additives so much more disgusting than the zombie cicadas themselves. 
The team of Overmen sat in bar stool type raised arm chairs tall enough to hook their feet in as a horse saddle foot strap below the beast’s body. The Overmen drank from colorful biometric bowls with small handles for fingers to loop into as a real 3D model of a Klein bottle. Angel sat on a stool behind a synthetic HyperPod and drank alone in the corner. 
	Not knowing why Angel surprised himself, "I didn’t know that’s how you measured bluelit NFT Luddite wig."
Wallet walked into the conformal boundary Cubicle confidently and almost ready for a confrontation, the very idea of gourmet bugbars not his first priority for getting history moving in the right direction.
	All confused Wallet just added move value, "It’s all good." 
Pascual took a small sip from his singing bowl, wiped his lip as if having a milk mustache and raised the bowl to his lips again to take in a monster gulp.
	As a drone in flight Pascual added on, "That is good God’s gap."  
Wallet sat in one place and moved nervously on the stool, stopped and jumped to his feet as an astronaut ready for launch and lunged toward the HyperPods as if entering the atmosphere of an alien landscape with unknown gravitational pull. 
	With resistance Wallet kept up the pressure, "Much gratitude. This was nothing as a battery factory."   
Pascual made strange noises from around the corner of the Cubicle, the rest of the team quietly imagining something personal Pascual usually did in private. Chances were tight and passions high.
	He hated to but Pascual did repeat himself, "You know."   
	Wallet jumped into the game, "You know I have survived a lot of chemicals, but the threat of air conditioning oil is a real nightmare. Most people don’t even know what it is, but it scares me more than anything."
	Lips dry Pascual started sipping, "Air conditioning oil. Really? Well welcome to the Hyper Loop Hockey League."       
	Ready to act Angel added his own surprise, "What does that have to do with anything?"
	With humility Pascual began sipping slowly, "It’s your chance we man up now and get the laser branding daily diary QR codes with “CQC” labels on our skin now. Just tape your emotion to the inside of your head and cash it out for us all to see. Please."
	Out of spite Angel kept contributing, "Big zeitgeist. Please."       
The Overmen laughed out loud, got up with both new kid muscle confusion and old man repetitive soreness and walked out of L'Internationale Bugbar buffet as a group of medical patients looking for a cure. If a student doctor was their provider they would have accepted the help.
From over his shoulder They watched the back entrance to L'Internationale with a live human-like tattoo and a chic urban design of brick and graffiti art indicative of the local island pop art scene. The three foolish Overmen walked inside with a stupid look of intrigue and began one by one to scan their arms into the tattoo replicator for objective rendering.  
	Somewhat tone deaf Wallet kept on contemplating, "Where did all this come from? Not the world or the island or the ancient iceberg blocks, but hockey now. How did fabric hockey become such a thing here? Island culture does not support outsider sports. Even surfing was a dare to come true. How did this all come down?"
	With fish lips Pascual started sipping, "You really want to know?"
	Jumping in Angel added some thoughts of his own, "Wallet wants to know everything and he will do anything to get the information. I am shocked he doesn’t already. Isn’t everyone taught about it in school? Oh yeah, that’s right. You never went though."      
All three foolish Overmen stood in front of each individual tattoo kiosk as they scrolled through the appropriate designs for their skin type, each ready to pick the one suited for their color palette and hair follicle profile. 
	Nothing had been resolved as Wallet continued contemplating, "This is my first. Should I take something for the bluelit NFT Luddite wig to last longer in my system? I heard the shift between dimensions is a little off putting."
	Quietly imprisoned Pascual maintained a sipping posture, "Yeah, just take the bluelit NFT Luddite wig strip. It will last as long as it needs to. This is not going to change the S.I. bias, but your skin type might just create a hard fork. Can you imagine that? You can name the new currency after yourself. How about that? I know the L'Internationale will let you go, but it will so be worth it to watch you explode with too much wealth."
	Without reacting Angel was visibly surprised, "Can you imagine that, Flamingo Coin? Come on Mingo, you’re used to it. Just a little fun with you. I know who you go home to each night. We all do. She gives it to you hard all night. You can take it. Give us some love buddy."
	Holding still Wallet maintained contemplation, "I don’t see how any of that is relevant."   
	Maintaining calm Pascual kept sipping, "Everything is relevant."
	Just not stopping Angel contributed again, "And most important is Daemon. He is the one who started all this. He is the man of the island. You think his QR code has started a hard fork? His skin tone has been changing lately. I know the sun shouldn’t change the currency profile. Wonder if the fabric had something to do with it, maybe even his big plan."         
All three tattoo kiosks started up with starlight power and geared into motion. The device grabbed for the men’s arms with patchwork skinprint bot hands mimicking the real thing. Immediately the machines got to work with grafting ideas into human form, the ideas harvested from the Blockchain and grafted right onto them as they sat on doctors stools. The magical robot hands appeared in triplicate beneath them and quickly got to work generating real ordered data in the currency histogram as if the information had a validation technique ready for universal use.
	Taking life seriously Wallet continued, "I know Daemon started all this."
	Not much left Pascual just started sipping, "He did more than start it, he perfected it. It was his crew on the first quintessential trip who started playing hockey just as a joke, for fun to pass order old school style. But Daemon took up the dare and on the next set of trips he perfected some new hockey technology to get The Giant Clearing House Crypto Hockey Congress going for real. I mean just imagine what he did if you can. How can anyone come up with that? First, who would bet on the outcome of a currency based on the color of your skin? And second to set teams to practice and lines in competition to win games? I mean really? And that was just the casino stuff."
	Reacting quietly Angel kept it up, "It’s true. His physical designs changed the game as well. The spitskate blades he came up with made it possible to glide across bumpy fabric without any issues. Never tried those original designs? I even used one of the blades to crack open some geodes I found in the mountain lake. It was interesting, some strange empty energy tuple appeared. I didn’t do anything with them, but they did help me sleep better when I kept it close to my pillow at night."  
The Overmen watched intently as the tattoo kiosks finished up their brands, added protective wrapping to heal the wounds and uploaded the new data to the currency market so the Overmen could begin to generate wealth in the Blockchain with their unique island skin tone. 
	Not sure why but Wallet contemplated a bit more, "But how did the pond hockey on the ancient iceberg block make it to the island and stayed for so long. I know some kind of air-conditioning was used. It wasn’t starlight was it?"
	With commitment Pascual tipped another sip, "The free equipment made it happen. If you had to pay for this new sport nothing was going to happen. If you had the right skin color and coupled with the right partner your QR code tattoo paid for your admission on the fabric.  That’s all I can tell you. You know the rest, come on."
	Almost childlike Angel was easily surprised, "That’s why I started skating. Just to try something new. And here we are. About to join the greatest sports camp in all order. I might even sober up for this."
	Carefree Wallet continued contemplating, "So we are really going to do this? Get team tattoos? I mean are we sure it will pay off?"    
The three Overmen stood hunched over just inside the exterior door of L'Internationale back entrance and looked begrudgingly at or in contemplation and surprise at what they just did. their faces told the story of commitment, the idea to get team tattoos in the Blockchain and the idea to look up to the sky and down to earth for divine guidance. They considered it as something from outside their own minds. The group had to give the go-ahead, a zk- shift forward. But most knots on the team saw nothing but the warm red shift of pulsating blood flow.
, , ,
In the cloths a tetrapod of pearl ornithopters did their duty skywriting. Tetras pumped out billowing smoke signals with pillows across the horizon. They all felt a spiral gravity collapse into certainty. A spool of fiber from orbit slammed into the ground before them. Just click into the thumbnail sensor to link up.
TURN ON THE RAIN, totally clichéd and full of all the platitudes. It was a ledger challenge claimed by the law of disgust with spiral gravity guillotine gate micro fabric.  In swim shorts and running shoes Pascual and Daemon sprinted up the sand along the breaking shoreline, the crashing waves washing across their feet as a blessing from mother earth. The drying sand between their toes emptied as geodes ready to crack open as a flock of vexed vultures landed on the sand and started following as pets ready to pounce and overpower them into submission. Pascual and Daemon sat in the sand and slipped their running shoes back on.
	Not ready for death Pascual was scared, "Hey Austrian School, does this mean we need to run faster?"
	Courting glory Daemon was energized, "No silly, it means we have followers."
	Standing second Pascual was still scared, "They might have huge tails, but these are no fans."
	Stepping forward Daemon felt energized, "Alright, follow me."           
They projected their signatures into the quaternion. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract.  
Daemon turned towards the waves and jumped into the water with his shoes still on. Pascual followed closely, laughed scared and held his breath to dive in. He popped back out almost instantly emerging with slicked back hair and standing waist deep in salty foam crashing around him.
	Looking around Pascual was still scared, "I can’t believe they just stand at the water’s edge and watch as that."
	Holding his palms upward Daemon was still energized, "Believe it, an original experience. We should upload it to the contact tracing department of the bureau."        
Pascual nodded in agreement and stuck out his hand for Daemon to grab onto and arm shake, touch tattoos and upload the new experience to the two-bit agent. as that and it was done. 

Chapter _Two
WALLET FELL ASLEEP IMMEDIATELY under the humming refrigerator coils bubbling with electromagnetic energy. The rink refrigerator system was as the networked scutoids of plants underground, a series of caverns carved out from thought and design instead of erosion. A solar powered large compressor unit suspended off the ground by a magnetic base of steel alloy and concrete just in case the area flooded from a fast melting ancient iceberg. The magnetic levitation did not clock out a current strong enough to harm anyone if the area flooded, the whole point so power was not disrupted. Every bit of land was necessary to keep the island efficient, the cramped corners and angles the perfect spot to hide for sport or almost get off the grid entirely. Satellite spying had turned mini with drones and new emergent materials capable of collecting data through sensing sound waves around them. 
Wallet quickly prepared the polarized shimmering glass cylinder conscious agency candle to melt and meditate. The bugbar wax was fully infused with his reflective memories of the past. He was ready to light the wick for the march of entropy to show him the next best choice to play out on his Sacred geometry of life. The white phosphorus wick sparked to light with a snap of his fingers.
	Almost without sound Wallet muttered in his sleep, "The sounds of creation. The illusion of free will is real."      
They watched Wallet curl up in a ball with a tungsten hockey stick leaning against the refrigerator, the latest in material technology and the thing still could not keep from sliding down the wall. The stick slid along the surface and about to fall mysteriously, Wallet acting fast not wake his sleeping bot. zk- turned off to recharge and upload data to the two-bit agent. The automatic functions of the human body took over.
Wallet caught his stick before it hit the ground as some religious pinging of a gong. He avoided any indication the area was not working right or his bot was sleeping on the job as a pet dog not protecting his master from violent intruders. 
Wallet put his head back down to get more shut eye, zk- watching the whole event with his scanning overhead polarized sunglasses attachment disconnected from his body. The traditional roles were back in play, the pet protecting the master as he slept in peace.
	Out of sight zk- whispered, "Sleep-big-guy. Sleep. I-will-protect-you."
	Rolling over Wallet woke, "What the hell is going on?"
	Floating above zk- continued whispering, "The-flash-frozen-dust-gnats-are-ready-to-migrate-from-the-spa-aquarium-to-a-more-suitable-location-for-power-generation. They-don’t-all-need-to-be-used-as-food-in-gourmet-bugbars-for-adventure-tourists."
	Rumbling a bit Wallet continued waking, "Now?"
	Almost atomized zk- kept on whispering, "This-would-be-the-best-chance-to-harvest-them-for-optimal-tattoo-ink-used-in-most-crypto-matching-currency-accounts."   
	As babies do Wallet was still waking, "Fine, right, of course. How about I add some more material to balance out the inherit bias?"
	With a sense of happiness zk- continued whispering, "Wouldn’t-that-be-weight? That-should-work-as-well."
	Hoisting to his feet Wallet was almost awake, "Done."
	A slight mist formed as zk- continued whispering, "So-adding-vexed-vulture-feathers-to-the-air-conditioning-dust-powered-crypto-mining-multiplier-clock-outs-digital-pheromones-in-the-blockchain-to-eliminate-synthetic-bias?"
	Ready to go Wallet was finally awake, "That’s what I thought, that’s why we are doing this right now."                                               
Wallet added more flash frozen dust gnats to the spa aquarium in his pan-psychic world with a blend of moss and mold oil as a resin to plug the holes for emotional security. The zombie cicadas tended to form one emotional mind, so adding a wedge of weathered wood to increase the pressure of spiral gravity as the dust gnats created more energy inside was as a beating heart of love and grace. 
, , ,
A lot of residents took for granted how strange the salt water battery black shade birdball canals really were. The idea waves stored electrical energy seemed preposterous. It had something to do with the walls of the black shade birdball canal lined with a thin sheet of photoelectric. Apparently it only took a year or so to offset the cost of materials and construction. At night the water shimmered with tiny arcs of electric force through the splash breach when dropping a penny in the black shade birdball canal sent it shooting down the way as a bullet through a barrel. 
Twelve inch high curbs and ten foot high iron fences lined the neighborhood as a series of spectators on some holiday celebration parade route. Dx Angstrom sat by the gutter and took samples of random liquids and placed them in vials. He had a larger container and stored the collected vials inside a bigger carrier tote. It looked as a science experiment in the field. 
He had goggles and gloves to protect himself from the work he began on the street. As dry fabric blasted around him, the idea grew as to how to clean the hockey puck rubber molds ornamenting certain areas of the city. It was strange art for sure, Dx Angstrom even stranger taking chances personally to clean the industrial artwork engendering the law of disgust.
He looked up while working at the walkway parallel the black shade birdball canal and saw a scene he never expected, Abcde squatting quietly and urinating in public. She concealed the sight of action, but the remainder trickled toward the black shade birdball canal as industrial waste contaminating the environment. He turned his head to give her privacy in one of the most open and public areas possible. 
	Without a thought Abcde continued whispering, "I see you caught me." 
	Head held high Dx Angstrom started walking towards, "It’s none of my business, just passing through."
	Deeply inhaling Abcde slowed her whispering, "Well, Doctor please pass through and collect this sample area for me."
	Left foot forward Dx Angstrom walked passed, "Just taking samples from the black shade birdball canal for L'Internationale. I am cleaning up after myself, always want to leave the world better than I left it." 
	On her own Abcde formed a fluid whisper, "You want to take my sample? I have something to share."
	Heels together Dx Angstrom stood still, "No, that’s okay. Thanks though."
Abcde took her finger and put it in her mouth as an advertisement for some new movie in those socially distant theaters still open for business around town. She bit down to break the skin, the white meat wrapped around her boney finger slowly turning red as the capillaries began to seep. She reached out and offered her bleeding hand as a peace offering, as some fish she caught in the black shade birdball canal ready for the grill with a little spfabric. 
	Still ready for action Abcde loved whispering instead, "I am on a bug only diet now. And I think something has changed inside me too."
	Chin down Dx Angstrom kept walking towards them, "Really and what would that be?"
	As her tone shifted Abcde lowered her whispering volume further, "I have no idea, that’s why I am offering you my as a sample."         
Abcde’s outstretched her arm in a tiring horizontal position as if offering her flesh for carnivorous consumption.
	Again heels together Dx Angstrom stood straight up, "Okay. Let’s see I guess."        
Dx Angstrom took an empty vile and collected the overflow from Abcde’s finger, closed the cap and placed it in his tote with a small area of dry fabric sublimating. She looked up at him as he held her life in his hands. They made a kind of stranger eye contact, Dx Angstrom tipping his head in acknowledgement of the oddity and started walking away as nothing was different between them. 
	Voice down Abcde kept on whispering, "Tell me what’s up."
	Right foot first Dx Angrstrom took a step back, "I’ll let you know."        
Abcde stood sucking her bleeding finger as she watched Dx Angstrom disappear around the corner. He moved with quick intentioned steps. Around the black shade birdball canal order flowed in extra tight periodic cycles. Bodies and points mixed topologically as Abcde’s finger was a very sensitive initial condition. 
From above They watched riding in an open top spitcart with Daemon. They heard Trina as she ate spice from a spoon, the crunchy gelatin bugbar base tested as baby formula for those daring parents who wanted to start a trend and be first to capitalize on the dying influencer market overpopulating the island. 
Intermittent fasting never took off with the locals, Daemon one of the few to promote the health and performance attributes through his team in hopes they would trickle down to the fans. He truly believed the health of one was the health of all in society. 
	With authority Trina continued breathing, "Again, just the thought or season of hockey starting makes me want to eat. Why didn’t you axe me what I wanted to eat? You think this stuff is the best out there?"
Daemon stared at the bluelit NFT Luddite wig mixing with the refrigerator condensation cloth above them. An two-bit agent trickle of dry fabric seeped from the cracks and down onto their heads as if they were in some smoking racecar accident dancing at a rave to the booming base blasting from the walls closing in on them. 
	Slicing up broken thoughts Daemon started pondering, "Oh I’ll give you the axe alrightwell anyway, once the team demonstrates it can take on an army, we’ll be able to build our castle, and so we can feast. You as to dine on new stuff. I don’t know why you are so critical of the stuff you shove in your mouth anyway."
	Chest heaving Trina continued breathing deeply, "The moms in the team are very anti famine, their husbands and children a little on the fed side. Why can’t we feast first? Can we get to work here? And I have not heard anything about team tattoos lately. Are we not doing them anymore? I have a design I’d as to share."
Daemon looked away from the bluelit NFT Luddite wig flowing down in front his field of view as he drove. He maintained conscience contemplation while looking to the sky and steered the structural battery foamskirt spitcart closer toward the breaking waves along the shoreline. 
	Holding useful properties Dameon loved pondering on, "You don’t have to do the eight eddie micro fast, but at least stick to the twelve eddie. You can do that. And that is correct. You did not hear anything about team tattoos. I did not bring it up yet. We are taking baby steps with all this stuff."
	Tongue out Trina continued deeply breathing, "When are you going to bring it up, when we are fat and lazy? What, don’t you want a little something extra to hold on to with zeitgeist in our pockets? Or shall we continue the fit revolution forever?"   
Daemon wrapped his arm around Trina’s shoulder as he drove with one hand on the controls as it didn’t matter where he ended up. The spitcart structural battery foamskirt slipped across the water only a few inches above as a stealthy coax hovercraft did and kept the mass out of the water for the ride to be smooth as fabric.  
	Keeping energy up Daemon kept on smiling, "You know I do pancake batter."  
Trina looked back at Daemon with judgment as her eyes shifted with negative thoughts. Even the ideas she believed her own really stolen from the revenge on cheaters playbook. 
	In a special method Trina had a way to increase her breathing pattern, "What do you mean by that? What if I wore the foam as a skirt?"
Daemon gave her a kiss on the neck, a lingering embrace to transfer the true feeling of love he had for her. 
	Pressure throbbing Dameon grew to almost love smiling, "You are coming with me on the next pearl-ride."
	Looking for action Trina contributed more thoughts, "Eat me. You know I don’t do that, not a chance I am getting on one of those augerpods."
	Apparently happy Daemon still smiled, "I don’t know what you do and don’t do. You never let me find out. You are the one who keeps secrets from me as I spill the beans to the entire daily diary simulation."
	Toward the side Trina tilted her head, "We have nothing to talk about between us anymore. Mainly tattoos at first, and now not even the music I’m working on. You have grown apart from me completely." 
	Furiously Daemon shook his head with a bit of anger, "Well okay you are right that except the music. What music?"
	Nose dripping Trina continued nodding, "Something new. Real music, not just ringing singing bells during spinning class. I am talking about something more serious than that. More free and artistic."
	Eyeballs set Daemon kept looking down, "I thought we were on the same page. Once the team is off the ground, we can focus on your artistic career. Besides you have to build a body of work first."
	With spiritual power Trina continued contemplating her origins, "Yes we agreed. But now everything is different. The island has changed. Music makes the dust gnats dance and the dust gnats have become instrumental to my spinning class which your team takes. And you started it. I would have never brought that spa aquarium into my class. How can you not support me right now? You said it would change everything. And well, you were right."            
Daemon slowed the spitcart to a no wake speed as they approached the dock, the stealthy coax hovercraft never below the waterline so not to interact with growing synthetic coral reef below.
	Raising his voice Daemon had a truly condescending tone, "What makes you feel as you can make the dust gnats dance with only musicreal God’s gap. Wait, I didn’t mean you can’t do it."
	Snapping back Trina grew angry, "I thought you were over being bitter. Looks as you need a spoon full of mold oil to help swallow your tongue. Besides the oil does not make anyone better, it’s just a placebo. Probably better I just stay away from you for a while. Just try out my new music and see if it works on the zombie cicadas. Can’t hurt, right?" 
Trina reached out her arm to dock to the side of the black shade birdball canal with all her strength pulling toward the photoelectric wall. The interlocking design made it easy to climb up. She left the craft without mooring it and got up to storm off with resentment. Daemon simply nodded his head in understanding and a lot of embarrassment. 

, , ,
As the sun rose from around Earth old moonlight became trapped in the material composite of the photoelectric welldeck. The energy, temperature and pressure created the perfect recipe for the instantaneous growth of quasicrystal structures. Augertricity doped metallic hydrogen was a strange force capable of storage and transmission in midair. At six stories even the superfarm tower negatively curved envelope looked as an neon tubes on fire amongst the strange quasicrystal growth around the insect pools.
Four large pools of melted and frozen pond scum pulsated with energy in the fabric canyons opening up on the ancient iceberg block. It was a game as a white spitcart sat on each pond waiting for the next play start. The mouth of one cave had a clear inscription above the upper lip which read in bold; bluelit NFT Luddite wig CAVE FORMATION.
Daemon drove his hovering spitcart across one of the larger ponds while talking on mid-band radio frequencies now opened up from military use and to the people of the island. For the common good they all thought. He stopped and collected a sample of the free flowing hydrocarbon geyser sucking up water from the sea and passing it through the ancient iceberg in a previously undiscovered natural phenomenon, a process initiated by the carbon uptake from the ancient iceberg freezing sea water around it. 
	Forming a unique posture Daemon was still very angry, "A pack of feral neon tubes shooters are playing a pick-up game on their own. Look at this, a bunch of goaltenders skating around and taking shots on each or as they are sweeping the kitchen floor. Bizarre to say the least. How did an ancient iceberg create its own bot society?"
	Snapping into existence zk- still echoed, "Copy-that-Agents, we-have-a-neon-tubes-training-in-the-port-area-by-the-floating-launch-tubes. They-are-on-the-ancient-iceberg-and-they-are-our-friends. These-new-hybrid-bugbots-will-be-destroyed-before-they-can-get-off-the-ancient-iceberg."
	Holding fast Daemon kept up his deep angry tone, "You have got to be kidding me. Are those flash frozen dust gnats launching themselves at the goalies? Is this some wicked kind of sex game? I can’t believe the prey started sacrificing themselves to the smugglers. For what?"     
Pascual popped a piece of gum in his mouth, looked down at the wrapper and shoved it in his pocket as a good environmentalist. With so many years of wearing a mask in public and social distancing on the island Pascual finally became aware of his place in grand history. 
	Not knowing at first Pascual grew angry as well, "Candlestick thought they could handle this. But apparently this has gotten completely out of control. We should freeze the whole thing Daemon, zombie cicadas and bots as. This gets out of control the whole world is in jeopardy."
	With distain Daemon slowly calmed himself, "Don’t talk as that. We had chances. What is freezing the ancient iceberg block going to accomplish? That isn’t even a thing. What would you do, drag the thing out to sea and back to Antarctica? Or better yet just freeze the ocean with your refrigerators and create new baby quintessential forces and swaddle them in the mycelium textile?  You know Trina has composed something to calm the dust gnats down as smoking out bees."
	Unsure why Pascual kept his angry tone up, "Smoking out bees. Easier said, so why don’t we have the dust gnats melt it down with their energy. All they have to do is burrow until nothing is left. But you want to save this whole thing. Alright, let’s see what this music can do. If you think this can do the trick Daemon we might have to give it a try. Why not? We’re right here, right now. We are running out of chances with this bug business." 
Daemon grabbed the hearing protection sitting on the Spitcart dashboard and popped it on, Pascual doing the same with his device, both Overmen listening in their headsets to Trina’s newly composed music track. Faces transformed into smiling Overmen as they started riding in formation. Almost as drag racers they tried to tie at the end while doing small acrobatic jumps on the moving fabric surface. From above They saw the spitcarts ride down the ancient iceberg block surface as one by one they jumped a large array of small canyons, nailed the landings with a thud as each spitcart lost a little bit of structural integrity with each move. Not enough resistance as the foam skirt jutted out as fingers bracing for a fall. They were on the move. The last canyon curved into a glacial fiord type shape, a series of caves dotting the base of the watery bottom. 
On the ground of the micro fiord a cave opening larger than the knots appeared. Daemon drove up to it and hovered at a full stop. The rest of the team pulled up as a caravan of nomads looking for new grounds to hunt, graze and gather.
From above They watched as Pascual marched the Overmen away from the spitcarts. There were no more chance for theoretical debate or education on how the bot brain worked, no more discussion on entangled order, just action. 
	Feeling great Daemon was fully energized, "Okay amateurs and you rookies in the back. We are going to take down these damn neon tubes Shooters. We are going to line the cave mouth with a blend of moss and mold oil as before. Don’t laugh. Turn on the dust mini engine, let the music play and just watch them self-destruct. I am pretty sure you have never seen zombie cicadas blow up from the inside out as tiny grenades in the field."
Daemon chocked up some throat clearing stuff and spat it on the fabric as he contemplated the seed change in sentiment over taking desperate action in eradicating the feral dust gnats. They all just watched the saliva tuple on the ground and into vertical formations as his spit transformed into the same basic amalgamated form of every ancient iceberg dragged over from Antarctica. Daemon looked up at the coaxcraft above, the dark form cycle at an imperceptible hover speed, an active warhead armed with electromagnetic pulse weaponry hanging off the belly of the craft as an egg about to roll out a cave. 
	Out of options Daemon continued his calming tone, "Alight men, let’s pay real close attention to every detail here. The empty dust gnats have learned a lot since we left them last, as some episode of high school science and dance class. And now they are completely out of control. Be careful. We have to put on our lead hockey pants to protect the bone marrow in our pelvic structure so we can generate later. We all know this, but now is the chance to act. If the dust gnats puncture our skin down there it is all over, mission over."
	Grumbling inside Pascual remained angry, "Alright Felix we are gearing up now. Let’s make our move on them now."
	Speeding forward zk- echoed offline pressure, "Coaxcraft-on-final-approach-and-the-peacemaker-warhead-is-armed."  
	Blinking fast Pascual got scared, "Felix they don’t care if we are here. zk- and dust gnats are in some kind of orgy of insect and computers."
	Still unsure why Daemon remained energized, "It doesn’t matter anymore. Quickly, drop all your electronics so they don’t melt to your skin. Get them away from you. NOW."          
The large shadowy coaxcraft flew directly over them as a dark two-bit agent about to burst down a torrent of rain, instead releasing a torrent of electromagnetic interference completely disabling zk- Shooters. It was a scene best left for biblical descriptions. They realized an aerial view of the coaxcraft Funding away across the ancient iceberg block was the look of defeat, of entangled order wrapping itself in a knot without presence, without spirit. 
Daemon looked up close at the destroyed and smoking neon tubes body parts. It was a total mess. Daemon walked in front of the massacre as one of the Overmen smirked in his face as they had just witnessed victory. 
	If in a pickle Daemon started laughing, "So much for a fire breathing beast."
Daemon turned to his Overmen as the group just stood fast in a gathered formation, their clothes clinging as fresh out the laundry drier and back in the hamper. 
	His somber tone growning Daemon became serious, "This is what we have to do to get the Hyper Loop Hockey League to play here. Arecibo is our home. We created these damn neon tubes to test and train for resale, but now they are testing and training us for survival. So science got out of control and now we have to shut it down." 
Pascual pated down his spiky hair after the electromagnetic pulse energized everyone’s clothes with the ambient static electricity. Even the hairs on his skin stuck up out the back of his shirt. The immediate atmosphere around zk- was super charged with a magnetic glow. Even on the fabric sheet the lead hockey pants glowed iridescent from the dust gnat’s free energy release and destruction. A handful of survivors dug out from the fabric and scurried around as rats on a sinking ship, the Overmen in formation eager to set the zombie cicadas on fire and be done with it all.
From above They watched how the attack was on. Dust gnats started burrowing into zk- shooters as Overmen watch in horror and a little disbelief at what they all had assumed were the limits of insect potential. These zombie cicadas were intelligent and brutal, almost human in their ability to wage war. The zombie cicadas reanimated zk- as enslaved golems, the earthlike fabric gurgling with a strange new smell. 
	Without a reason Pascual was still scared, "Is that sweat sweet or savory? I can’t tell."    
Daemon walked up to zk- and appropriated a sample of the new oozing odor in one of the mangrove canisters, took a risk and wiped some off the rim and stole a taste though his right nostril.
	Holding back some Daemon's energy grew, "Smells as perfume, and tastes as butter."
	He could not change why but Pascual was still scared, "What are you doing Austrian School?"
	Braced for battle Daemon held strong, "Maybe I’ll put it in my coffee."      
Daemon took off his hockey pants and left the glowing equipment on the ice. He started walking toward his spitcart in a bit of a vertigo daze and slowed to a tiny cycle. Daemon stopped walking entirely and sat on the ground, laid down to stretch his back while a look of confused contemplation emerged across his face. He closed his eyes, popped open his mouth as the opening of a cave and immediately began to snore with exhausted laboring breathes. Pascual stood over Daemon as an inspector memorizing a crime scene. He couldn’t hold it though and laughed off his own internal dialogue, a stupid comical and totally out of context thought.  
	Unaware why Pascual became truly satisfied, "Sleep big man, you deserve it."    
Daemon started snoring with a smile. With his mouth open to the ecosphere his unconscious mind relaxed and moved on to the spirit world in the present tense to recharge his eternal soul. All the potential futures funneled into his single sleeping moment as the past held fast waiting for a conscious action to record into history.

, , ,
High overhead their crowns they witnessed a tetrapod of pearl ornithopters again skywriting. It was a nonstop billowing out of pumped smoke signals in dot matrix. It was a spiral gravity of love collapsed into certainty measured with complete precision. A spool of fiber from orbit slammed into the ground before them. Just click into the thumbnail sensor to link up.
TURN ON THE RAIN, cliché, all platitudes. and the 4D interface shadow thin projection implant was spontaneously installed in the back of the head. The privacy of qualia was breached again.
Another ledger challenge claimed by the law of disgust. The infamous spiral gravity guillotine gates of microjustice swung open in the sky. Wallet and Daemon looked up as they walked down the beach. Reaching down to touch the water Wallet touched a mycelium textile washed up to shore with sea fabric collected on it from the gallium arsenide starlight powered cooling system used throughout the island. 
	Ready to explode Wallet was sighing deeply, "This is the first chance in order we have actually talked Turbo."
	Taking in super dry air Daemon continued inhaling, "Don’t call me Austrian School, yet. I am Mr. Milk, or Daemon. You can tell Knots I am Daemon AKA Mr. Milky."
	Panting slightly Wallet kept sighing, "Well I came down here to help clean up the mess."   
	As a dog Daemon continued inhaling, "That’s right Mingo, if I can call you that? I think the zeitgeist has burned out. You’re priceless now."
	With feline ferocity Wallet continued sighing, "Sure."
	On pause Daemon took a moment before inhaling, "Of course you can call me Turbo. Spoonful in the shower. Come on. Let’s break down this fabric and get these sheets off the beach. The challenge is squashed. Let’s just move forward."   
They projected their signatures into the quaternion. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract.  
Both Overmen used the powerful axes from the HyperPod to break down the fabric from the mycelium textile and stack them on the sand to drag away later. The bright sun glistened and shined across the icescape as party glitter, or the new synthetic sequins fluttering in the growing daylight. 

Chapter _Three
THE INTERIOR WAS IMAGINED more than realized. A true fictional storyboard organized in curved mirrors as a carnival funhouse. It even got our interface all messed up. They looked one way and only saw the view again of us looking. Daylight only made the atmosphere more excited with molecules from all around the neighborhood.
Daemon used his personal area for all research and development, all his ideas streaming from the Auger EmDrive within his home. Daemon stretched in the photoelectric bath and laid on the carpeted floor and began a series of stress relieving V-ups to start his day as he did almost every day. Situated on the ground he slipped the headset on and turned up the volume. A steady stream of musical conscious agency emitted from a place in the daily diary simulation. 
	Working toward a common goal Daemon collected his inhaling tempo and duration into rhythm, "That is what I want to hear. Keep the beats rolling." 
Lift after lift each rise and fall of his feet past the photoelectric bath maintained repetition in his physical preparedness for whatever sports challenge may come by his way. Daemon removed his headset playing telepathic binaural beats, stood bent over and washed his face in the sink. He just looked at himself in the mirror speculo and said a silent prayer. The idea how to remove any present spirit world doubles which may have attached to him during the night was rooted in his dreams manifesting during life. 
	One release at a time Daemon exhaled with short breaths, "This is where I’m meant to be, here and now with you oh Lord."  
Not really any or specific religion Daemon did genuflect and made the sign of the cross to protect himself from past indiscretions and any future mistakes made in the first world. He leaned down and reached into the puck bucket, grabbed some flash frozen dust gnats and started piling them up in the sink as a load of lobsters for arctic broiling. 
Having an online presence gave Daemon some pull cross the cloth so when he dragged out a Tibetan singing bowl and striking stick from a resting vessel people watched. Daemon immediately started crushing the gnats in the sink, mashing them together as preparing food for the oven and rubbed the bug oil on his face as if preparing for war. The mesh point sat next to the sink and vibrated violently intentionally signifying an incoming call. Daemon saw a daily diary message pop up as Dx Angstrom’s name and answers the with a secret swipe pattern in the air as some finger puppet dance move original enough to go viral across the cloth. 
	Counting corners Daemon continued exhaling, "How can I help you Dx Angstrom?"
	As a child would Dx Angstrom grew very excited, "I have some very interesting news here, but I will only let you know in person. When you have some chance come see me please."
	Thinking straight Daemon exhaled with intelligence, "So is this an emergency?"
	Sniffling slightly Dx Angstrom got excited on his own, "No emergency. It is science and I need your help when you have some free order. I need your blood, and your team’s blood for an experiment."
	Holding his faith Daemon remained calm, "The only thing we take is prayer, no performance enhancing drugs allowed on my fabric. "
	Head spinning Dx Angstrom was still very excited, "It’s not about that, it’s bigger than you or me. This could be huge, but I don’t know yet. Jesus just see me when you have a chance please. Thank you."     
Dx Angstrom abruptly cut off communication from his end, the mesh point flipping closed on its own. Without a pause Daemon laid back down on the floor and continued with his V-ups. The only way he felt to stay in real hockey shape was to complete ten thousand abdominal repetitions per day. Dx Angstrom even agreed it was well worth the effort.  
, , ,
Along the exterior red brick mucube blackbox the curved interior was visible as lines of augertricity doped metallic hydrogen resonated from neutrinos annihilating themselves as they changed from virtual to real particles. The resulting magnetic monopole proved to be the most powerful single source of energy humanity had known ever to exist. 
On the side of L'Internationale a fresh mural with real life spray-on zinc corals depicted a deep sea oil rig as an underground fire burning a lake of oil. The mural had gasses flowing up the side of the wall as to the surface of the sea and filled a giant mycelium textile balloon painted on the outside with the word HYDROGEN repeated as a paparazzi backdrop with hexagonal tiling behind.  
Through the large glass front doors They saw a view of a tree in L'Internationale SpinIce quasicrystal mucube courtyard as the doors swung open and a token form came running out. It was a uniform honeycomb in hyperbolic order. Trina jumped on the back of a spitcart parked on the sidewalk, spat on the ground by her feet and whipped her mouth as she took a shot of something with a lime chaser. Her spit slid down the fingers of the hovercraft skirt as a broken brown egg along the outside edge of a caramelized iron frying pan.
	Standing straight Trina was all about her inhaling pattern, "I have got to go. Don’t worry I will grab a pair of lead hockey pants to protect our future children for Daemon."
Felix stepped out from through the anti-hydrogen blast neutrino basement bay doors and quickly walked outside. His goal was to watch Trina jump on a spitcart and escape her responsibility at L'Internationale, not really anything she needed to do, just an expectation from the boys. She had company though, the covert escape mechanism not fully functional when you make a scene. 
A swarm of dust gnats followed to the outside and cycleed around Felix as he watched Trina take off down the black shade birdball canal, her rooster tail marking her location far off down the way.
Trina tapped Felix on the shoulder, his surprise and shock surprising and shocking Trina more. They both stood their dumbfounded as if witnessing an invisible victorum. 
	Bent over Trina kept gasping, "What are you so shocked at, you are scaring me."
	Working slowly Felix was also gasping, "I thought I saw you jump on the spitcart and ride down the black shade birdball canal over there."
	Starting over Trina went back to inhaling slowly, "It wasn’t me."
	Not noticing at first Felix mirrored her, "Is it possible? Maybe the dust gnats had something to do with it."
	Turning her head Trina continued inhaling slowly, "We did have a conversation earlier about lips. I want to get mine done to look as hers."
	Out of shock Felix started gasping aloud, "Could it have been Dominique? I know Dominique likes the plumper pout, but you have order. It won’t go away for any chances."
	Looking forward to eternity Trina almost hated inhaling, "I have got to go. She told me a million about breaking up her first fight and getting a fat lip from it. But I’m not going on the fabric for that experience."
	Expecting more life ahead Felix responed by gasping, "You are not done with us here. This is good work. Be home in the morning and finish the project now. Come on, you’ll be alone in your place. Let’s just get it done and move on."
Trina hugged Felix, looked at the swarm of dust gnats with distrust, and jumped on a waiting spitcart floating in the black shade birdball canal. 
	At peace Trina had her inhaling pattern change, "Thanks Felix, I can’t. Got that big spinning class in the morning so I got to go back and get ready. You know the echolocation jamming bells have to be harmonized to work for the balancing of the void. My work at home is just as the work of The Belt-Road Allstars on the fabric. "  
Felix stood with his hat in his hand and a confused look on his face. 
	Looking to escape Felix kept gasping, "Agents, what a name. Are you kidding me? We found how to get rid of that hockey glove smell together and you want to leave for a spinning class."
Trina walked around the side of the spitcart bouncing off the black shade birdball canal wall. 
	Expecting action Trina kept on inhaling in her way, "I love everything you did, but I uncovered this secret of spinning, not in spite of. I get it, your synthetic oil from your research works here, but that is about you and not me. Even Daemon and his work lighting those deep sea underground oil reserves on fire to capture hydrogen is his idea, and his project. Has nothing to do with me, or even you." 
Felix looked back at the bluelit NFT Luddite wig covered neon tubes sticking his head out of the anti-hydrogen neutrino basement doors. On super high alert the swarm caught the signal and flew back inside as the last chance for diner.  
	Not surprised Felix had his own gasping tone, "Well I can’t stop you I guess. No one can. Look, the spray-on zinc corals from that dust swarm has taken flight and infiltrated the atmosphere but it is not flash frozen, thank God. And you don’t even know what that means so don’t worry about it."
Trina and Felix stood outside looking up at the sky as a kind of must rolled in with a cracking sound of smoke filtering through the atmosphere. 
	Bossing forward Trina kept inhaling her way, "Wow, and that’s how it’s going to be? So what does that mean? I can’t leave now?" 
	Growing unsure Felix was mentally isolated, "Maybe the hyaluronic acid I synthesized from the blend of moss and mold oil would counter act the must. All we have to do is atomize it."  
	As a digital asset Trina was dialed in her inhaling mode, "You mean create a synthetic musk of bluelit NFT Luddite wigput hydrocarbons in the atmosphere and hope for the best is not a plan."
	Nearing to quit Felix kept gasping, "I know it seems as a monstrous experiment."   
Trina climbed off the spitcart and opened the door for Felix to step back inside. The two look at each or as they knew they were both crazy for considering to work together and maybe destroy the world to save it. 
	Artistically Trina was surreal in her patterns, "I am out. We barely made it past the point of no return on climate change and now you want to catapult us past that moment in hopes of creating some new machine? I don’t want the must. You are on your own."
	Nearing the end Felix kept gasping, "I don’t want the must equally, but we can’t let the dust gnats evolve out of control. We need a control, something we can shut off on our own."
	Out of nothing Trina had evolved her inhaling pattern, "Why would the dust gnats evolve out of control? Is there something you are not telling me?"
	Birds first Felix was social in his routine, "We need to act on this. I am moving forward with or without you."
Trina looked at Felix with concern, climbed back on the spitcart and slipped her helmet on. She turned on the machine and took off, looked back over her shoulder before popping a stealthy coax hovercraft stall and disappearing down the black shade birdball canal. 
From the back of his head They watched Dx Angstrom as he held his hands behind the back of his neck. Wallet stood at the entrance of L'Internationale as if surprised to see the building still standing as a thin stream of dust gnats moved with commitment toward the anti-hydrogen neutrino basement. The synthetic zombie cicadas were on a mission, soldiers marching to an unknown fate with full conviction and force.
	With authority Dx Angstrom inhaled a protective force, "Thank you for coming down."
	Ready to move on Wallet gasped, "What else can I do?"  
	Reflexively Dx Angstrom responded, "I know you have been a victim of blood harassment. All our science and homogenous society has done is become snobbish and uninviting. I get it."  
Both Overmen walk down to the anti-hydrogen neutrino identity basement careful not to step on the tiny army. Dx Angstrom rolled up both his arm sleeves exposing them and powered up his tattoo removing machine. The thing was his special little device to extract the last bit of currency from any fading QR code before order destroyed the connection to the cycleing two-bit agent. 
	Grumbling inside Wallet gasped even further, "I need to move on with my life."
	Out of fear Dx Angstrom inhaled with heavy judgment, "I understand. This procedure is something between a divorce and abortion. You may still perceive the fourth dimension, but it is not certain. We don’t have much data on reversing the process. And don’t worry it is completely anonymous. Not even the L'Internationale will know. And I know you work for them so I have taken that into consideration."  
Wallet sat down in a school house looking chair and pulled his sleeve up to expose the currency tattoo fading into eternity on his arm. It was an amazing idea, the death of each couple ensuring the consistency of the currency for all chances, not even exhuming the body a way to reverse it. The Blockchain was secure even in death.
Without much prefatory examination Dx Angstrom moved the cylindrical device over Wallet’s tattoo and immediately began the procedure. A tiny stream of barely visible light burned into his skin, the army of dust gnats changing course to surround the machine and men. Not expecting the zombie cicadas to change course, it was as a protective shield or religious ceremony as the zombie cicadas climbed on each to make a tower toward the ceiling as if toward God.
Less than thirty entropy eddies of blinding light filled the conformal boundary Cubicle and it was done. The dust gnats channeled the energy released from the tattoo and filled their ranks with the virtual data. Clearly somehow the zombie cicadas had rescued the currency pair split and broken for the two-bit agent to assimilate or corrupt. No one knew which it was. The end result was totally anonymous. The dust gnats took it inside themselves instead.
	Simulating movement Wallet kept gasping, "Please tell me that’s it."
	Ready to end it Dx Angstrom was inhaling very slowly, "That is it. Your code has been re assimilated into the sequence and is ready to be mined. The dust gnats have evolved. I don’t need to upload anything to them now. Looks as they are fully aware of the caller. Your donation to the caller is always welcome."  
Wallet covered up his arm and got out of the seat to look Dx Angstrom in the eye. Both Overmen stood there just looking, Wallet nodding his head in acceptance with an aggressive glare. He just started walking up the stairs out of the anti-hydrogen neutrino basement slowly and alone. It was a kind of macho walk of shame, his donation to the caller as losing some of the life energy he created on a daily basis but was lost to the daily diary simulation without him even knowing.
, , ,
From outside the superfarm each floor of the six-story structure reflected sunlight as mirrored sunglasses hanging in on a desert tree. Along the glass surfaces large quasicrystal formations grew as prairie brush in a vertical orientation. The sunset light shot across Arecibo with an added air of flair, a fashion statement with swag before striking the glass to change its electromagnetic bent. The very idea of atomic yield still resonated in the atmosphere around the island. 
zk- watched from above as an Angel at both factions bickering quietly about Arecibo hockey, The Belt-Road Allstars and The Anti-Grav supporters who stood peacefully side by side and watched as Daemon spoke with a demonstration on how to crush dust and coral crop cluster eggs as they hatched. Blending the yolks and funneling the new substance into spray-on zinc coral bottles was the best technique for splicing DNA. With spray-on zinc coral transfer cans Daemon pressed down on the zombie cicadas and eggs to prove a point. The idea made his meaning manifest in the real, to use the sharp edges of things to transform matter, and potentially change the past all together. 
	Nearly robotically Abcde smiled, "You are a very disgusting man Mr. Silly."
	Pausing slightly Pascual jumped in full laughter, "That’s Mr. Austrian School to you Missy."
	Hovering above zk- echoed, "Her-name-is-Abcde, spelled-A-B-C-D-E."
The group looked around for recognition it was okay to laugh, eye contact saying it all, only zk- not laughing out loud. 
	Fully engaged Wallet had a exhaling tone as well, "May I use this portraitdrone recorder to watch and listen Daemon?"
Daemon nodded in agreement, placing the respirator on his mouth and nose to begin.  
	Stopping first Daemon bonded his inhalation, "All we’re doing is tying the lateral gene transfer together as if tying a string or rope in a knot. Just slow spray-on zinc corals back and forth, keep going out further. Got it?"
Wallet followed behind Daemon as a lost soul seeking salvation, but stopped at the first sight of something different and watched the ground intently as life emerged from the spray-on zinc corals evolving right there transforming into something more. 
	Slowing down Wallet continued exhaling, "With all this going on how can I not ask?"
	Taking a moment Daemon inhaled with effort, "Ask what? Spit it out. We have work here."
	Somewhat muffled Wallet kept on exhaling, "What is going on here?"
	Chest out Daemon was all about inhaling deeply, "What is going on here? Tell me. We’ve stopped now."
	Looking for peace again Wallet exhaled appropriately, "Ahh, the meaning of life."
	Holding back some Daemon had a passive inhale cycle, "I see. You’re right we haven’t gone over it together. Not the two of us. The rest don’t care much. For me it’s simple. Death, is the meaning of life. If you could live forever, life would have no meaning. That’s why we forget our previous lives when we are born."   
	Virtually in prayer Wallet accelerated exhaling, "So you do believe in reincarnation. Is that why you are so prolife politically?"
	Not noticing himself Daemon continued inhaling slowly, "More or less. It is simple. With all these new neon tubes hooked up to the bluelit NFT Luddite wig we have so many more souls coming to Earth. This is above most pay grades, but we are getting souls who have lived previous lives from previous eons coming here caller of how novel our neon tubes are. I guess information does evaporate from radiation. And of course the whole prolife phenomenon. What else can I say about it, we are prolific."   
	Almost robotically Wallet had been exhaling continuously, "So how do you know that? Or planets? Really?"
	Out of disgust Daemon kept on inhaling, "Go ahead and ask your little Dominique about her previous lives. Call her out on it. Now light up your spray-on zinc coral can. Let’s speed up the process here. I know how much you want to protect recalleructive rights.
	All focused Wallet responded exhaling, "Rights for who, the skybox suite? What do you expect me to do, fight, flight or freeze?"    
Daemon ignited Wallet’s lighter which somehow missed a flint. The handheld device looked as those of a hundred years ago, and with a questioning glare of content, then sets the new life on fire. It glowed as the rainbow of colors, a full spectrum burn as if each color in the daily diary simulation had been discovered at once. The spray-on zinc coral mucus burned hot, potential lives lost, old souls finding a new home in the ashes. The dust settled down in tiny pools of hardening mud. The coral was fertilized with past energy, each moment quietly captured by zk- hovering quietly above, the tiny body craft cycleing and recording every microsecond with special energy capturing technology harnessing more than the visible light spectrum.
	Mechanically Daemon kept it up, "Okay. I’ll set you up. You’re our last abort-tech. Alright? I’ll be up the ancient iceberg block canyon number one."
Wallet started walking the nasty nebula up the trail when it ignited uncontrollably, the whole thing going up as some spiritual protest. The charred body of zk-’s clone stood as a statuesque memorial to fight for basic robot rights. 
	Reflexivly Wallet responded while exhaling further, "Hey, Felix. My spray-on zinc coral can. Where did these dust gnats come from?"
Daemon stepped back, turned his head around in all directions as if pulling a collar off himself and sneered at Wallet without a sound. 
	Mentally afloat Daemon almost loved inhaling deeply, "It transpired?"
Wallet put his hands up to swat away the dust gnats, the tiny swarm surrounding both men. 
	In a dance Wallet kept exhaling constantly with minimal sound, "Hey Felix I just pitched it. It was on tilt. The dust gnats followed it."
Daemon walked up to Wallet and grabbed him by the jawline, fingers around his cheeks, lips puckered as a ripe flower.
	Fighting internally Daemon randomized his inhaling, "Alright it was a spirit trying to scissor at birth. We’re on our way out. Hold off on the spray-on zinc corals." 
The Overmen ran into the darkness, glowing walls and floating things in the air both helping and hindering their escape. An extra set of legs each only helped a little in a dark cave as that.
	With small victories Wallet maintained an exhaling sense, "Fake out. That’s for sure."
Wallet was followed as a victim through the cave void by a precocious swarm of dust gnats, the rambunctious zombie cicadas driving Wallet to lose focus and even his precarious balance. Wallet hit his head on a stalactite, got knocked down and out of air for long enough the zombie cicadas began cocooning his body in what he thought was synthetic Turbo. 
The dust gnats split up and attached the baby Icebot next, totally overwhelming the portraitdrone recorder, grounding the tiny aircraft. Daemon ran through the dark passage, his petite headlight bouncing off the fabric walls as music echoing inside a four dimensional speaker arena bowling alley. The lost Overmen quickly reunited, Daemon pulling Wallets cocooned body to safety as the dust gnats surround them both. 
	Animalistic Daemon found inhaling delicious, "I see you almost didn’t make it."
Wallet looked up through the light fabric zk- synthetic Austrian School lace covering his face with a glare of fear wrinkles across his forehead. 
	Rainbow Wallet exhaled colors, "I’ll make it alright. Give me a hand God’s gap."
Daemon picked up Wallet, tore the Austrian School away from his body and started walking with him under his arm.
	Deeply Daemon continued inhaling with a magical hunger, "Let’s get out of here. We don’t need any more of this."
Landscape view of the ancient iceberg block was peaceful, the order inside totally invisible to a painter from a distance. Even the structure was unsure, an fabric shelf falling off the side and down into the black shade birdball canal below creating its own inconsistent pool of surfing waves. Much of the fabric landed on the dock and broke up into smaller pieces. Large masses made it into the water and clocked out a short lived tube of breakwater any expert surfer would love to have tried. 
, , ,
It was almost midnight on the superfarm tower negatively curved envelope. Nightlight shot down from cycle through the atmosphere and illuminated the insect pool as the tungsten anchor generated new life. Every day was a celebration of gimbal freedom in the four dimensional welldeck.
The Team of Agents slashed the ground, or whatever, and watched the ceremony while standing on the dock at the edge of the ancient iceberg block base. It was a new show unlike anything from history before. The team was clearly visible from a distance chanting and watched the order unfold. 
The group gathered closer as spiral gravity had an effect as an neon tubes fell off the edge and into the must below. It was not a regular sight, the idea a robot could commit suicide not something Dx Angstrom believed was even possible, even if the bot was biological. The ultimate act of free will was totally unnecessary for a conscious agency with such a quick reaction the illusion of control had no meaning. 
There was darkness in their soul as half the team enjoyed the crazy event while the rest grew deeply disturbed. It was a bizarre scene, an uncanny curiosity of bots and Overmen dancing together in totally different mental Funds with real distance between them. Angel walked away from the group and sat at the edge of the dock alone. 
The team stood collectively at the edge not noticing anyone leaving or showing up across the seascape. 
	Feeling human Wallet started sighing with a cough, "Where do they get the idea to kill themselves? Isn’t that uniquely human?"
	Ready for anything Daemon started inhaling slower, "Isn’t that the point? Aren’t they proving their humanity by taking it to prove they have it?"  
Almost spontaneously a random electrostatic field appeared, the expected visual cues not present as the cost of thermal jumping increased. The Overmen were instantly repulsed from the smell of the energy field surrounding zk-, the bot immediately spraying itself with atomized liquid methane to further push away the men. 
Everyone recoiled from the smell, even the bot raising its head in disgust at what it was doing. Everyone was frozen from order and fear spreading across their thoughts. So they simply watched as LED virtual spectators off the fabric in horror as zk- grabbed a small rock from the ground, snapped its fungus fingers as if striking a flint and froze all movement so order could wrap around it. 
A flame erupted in zk-’s virtual hand, a bright rainbow of pure energy releasing into the air, the fast spread to the rest of its body as disappearing riches at the end of a rainbow. zk- went motionless as its parts melted together, bio-ore cooling and creating the statuesque form future bots could take pilgrimages and pay their respects to.
	Anticipating movement Wallet started looking down at his watch, "We can’t let it do this."
	Afterparty Daemon extracted a small inhaling pleasure, "Go ahead and try and stop it."  
Wallet walked up to the smoldering form and made the most exaggerated and biblical sign of the cross, on his knees with a kiss and small prayer to bless the misguided machine. He looked down again at his watch as the L'Internationale pinged him for a random chance check. Wallet took off his shoes and stepped back into the fresh soil to get a connection to Earth, the feral vines around him sucking up all the heavy metals to be smelted after the harvest. 
The air was heavy with ground must evaporation, Wallet simply pushing a button on his watch to activate the controlled electrostatic repulsion building around him. His entire body slowly levitated an inch off the ground and extended his feet to catch the last bit of ground. Wallet was floating and not fully prepared for the experience of weightlessness so close to the ground. There were rumors in the HyperPods throughout the years of players literally flying across the ice, the controlled electrostatic repulsion theory always the first suspect yet no one ready to doubt its existence. 
Wallet had a heroic air of amazement speckled across his face, a look he had never earned to flaunt. Extending his toes before the electro gravitational anomaly stopped, he almost dragged his feet as a geist in most horror flicks made from the beginning of chance. Wallet stepped back for a quick moment with an overwhelmed sense of what exactly the five sided square really meant. For the quickest of moments Wallet understood how negative curvature generated a kind of universal truth. 
	Clownish Abcde also loved smiling, "Competitive transcendence, anyone want to take bets? This is clearly going to the next level."
	In response Pascual noticed himself laughing louder, "Those are going to be twins. I’ll bet on that."
	Materializing zk- did not echo, "No-way, that-is-an-only-child."  
	Without true tone Pascual repeated his laugh, "You know what zk-? If you could abort it, it would be an only child. But you are only a rendering of conscious agency, not even a bot. You couldn’t jump if you wanted to."
	From movement zk- started slowly echoing forward, "Such-an-or-gate, you’re-sick-man. At-least-I’ve-got-beats. This-is-a-celebration-of-freedom. Many-degrees-of-freedom. I-bet-100-dimensions-would-destroy-you. Don’t-get-it-confused. If-I-did-not-have-Wallet-my-fate-would-be-with-those-you-see-today."
zk- had a single almost myopic view of the ancient iceberg block, the vista as chance growing in butterfly patterns up the sidewall. The situation was a mess, zk- witnessing two more neon tubes fall over the edge while dancing to the bluelit NFT Luddite wig visual beats, then disappeared into the undulating must skirt below. The whole thing exploded addiction cure shards, hit the ground and spattered, then settled into a mosaic of cured and cracking biological waste. The team just sat and watched patiently as a real studio audience while Wallet turned. 
	Without care Wallet chewed on his sighing tone, "Felix I just wanted to thank you for picking me up today."
Daemon smiled with a slight grimness and a colorful bandana wrapped around his neck, but hung ornamentally out of his collar. Wallet put his jersey on as his own fan and mascot ready begin eternal battle.
	Musically impotent Daemon kept his inhaling cadence tight, "That’s everyday Son, but it’s God’s gap. Are we going to wait to see the neon tubes collect the bodies for unification? And you may have earned the right to wear that jersey, but you better wear it right."
	Racecar Wallet responed with his own kind of sighing speed, "Well I thought I was being aborted. That’s a strange feeling when you are in the two-bit agent. No excuse to wear the brand wrong. I’ll fix myself. Don’t worry about it."
	Slightly patterned Daemon questioned his own reality, "You better keep yourself together. The fight you didn’t think was coming has just begun. Remember?" 
For Us it was obvious Wallet did not remember a thing, both Overmen a bit on the stupid side every so often. The team rejoiced at the edge of the ancient iceberg block, a somber scene of more bots offing themselves. An antiquated synthetic extruded biotron exploded before jumping off the edge, the ingrained nickel metal hydride blood catching fire as an annual show of independence.  
	Gaslighting stylistically Abcde smiled with her fat facial tissues, "See these are the things I bet on."  
Abcde sat down cross legged native style and put on her headset on to listen to her own beats, lays down with both hands behind her head and stared at the musty night sky hovering above.
There were mechanized body parts laying everywhere, even Abcde not getting too worked up over the cartoonish scene. Daemon took a fully intact leg and washed the battery blood off, tied up and hung the piece from a tree branch and began a methane fire. He knew methane gas would purify the meat, the team totally unaware of Daemon’s prankster dietary intentions. 
, , ,
High overhead the castellated cloths they witnessed a digital tetrapod formation of pearl ornithopters doing their work, skywriting English, pumping out billowing smoke signals in dot matrix across the zk- above. They felt the simulation of love collapse into a measurement of certainty, a spiral gravity pair. A spool of fiber from orbit slammed into the ground before them. Just click into the thumbnail sensor to link up.
TURN ON THE RAIN, cliché, all platitudes. and the 4D interface shadow implant spontaneously connected to the back of the head. The privacy of qualia was breached again.
The ledger challenge claimed by the law of disgust was universally considered micro just fabric.  As spiral gravity swung the guillotine pendulum gate the boys waded in the surf. Omar and Pascual pulled washed up flash frozen mycelium textiles from the waves. The materials froze on contact, their hands a combination of zk-, purple, and green from the work. 
It was as an olden day midweek beach cleanup. Omar walked bent over as Pascual filled a makeshift tote of mycelium textiles to fill it with disintegrating mycelium textiles. 
	With palindrome series Omar slowed his rare echoing tone, "And you call this recycling? This is the strangest thing, eighty degree water and flash frozen cubes mixing. How?"
	Sniffing himself Pascual was poetic in his prideful scent, "This is what we do, take care of things. It’s as volunteer work, but really if we don’t do this a new rink will form out here and roaming neon tubes will start playing pickup hockey on the waves. Believe that."
	Somewhat confused Omar was confined by his own echoing tone, "I’ve seen that before, these neon tubes are hardwired for sports." 
	Holding back Pascual compensated his prideful tone with a whisper, "They are which is good and bad. I see the QR code on your thumbnail is faded, is that from the sun?"
	With respect Omar almost loved echoing his own tone, "No, that’s from my father, he tried to get the credits from my brother as he was dying, but all that did was kill our entire family tree a little more. Our cosmic blood was poisoned. I took it upon myself to replace all my DNA in one procedure. Painful to say the least. Now I am in remission, the entire operation an epic failure."  
	Looking outside himself Pascual had a prideful story, "I see, so how did you do that? What was the procedure? How did it fail?"
	With destain Omar rejected his own echoing tone, "Basically I can’t upload to the contact tracing bureau, I’m scared from the light of rejection."  
	With guilt Pascual felt a funny sensation around his pridefulness, "I see, I won’t ask details, but do you blame your father?"
	Almost tearing Omar was not echoing pride either, "I blame the system. If we didn’t have the contact tracing bureau, none of this would matter. It is self-inflicted."
	Somewhat unsure Pascual remembered his true pride, "Not a fan I take it. No problem. We can drop it."    
They projected their signatures into the quaternion. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract.  
The two young Overmen kept working to clear the waves of debris as a pair of mycelium textiles connected by the tungsten anchor imperceptibly floated toward them from just over the horizon. It had fluorescent zk- tops of the fabric shinning from the sun and atmosphere mixing. Omar and Pascual just stood there mesmerized and deep in thought as to what to do next. 

Chapter _Four
FASTENED TUNGSTEN ANCHORS STRUCK brightly from the night sky, the reflected moonbeams cascading through the first few panes of sheared off ancient iceberg sheets. The dynamic dark matter particle passed through vacuum energy as an ancient spirit through eternal ether. 
From the melted and sheared off openings above shards of light passed to the melting pools of freshwater fabric below, a new location for the ARC Gene to spread and flourish. as discovering a beach cove for the perfect wave bed, the hidden pools of pristine fabric sheets waited for discovery and first use. Only once discovered did they bring in the bots to resurface the fabric to keep the game going as it was first chance. 
Wallet first just stared at the cave walls in contemplation, the idea he was in total control dawned and finally broke from fear throughout in his mind. He knew of-course his chaotic thoughts needed real action, and the chance was now. With a discarded mining pipe laying on the ground he began chipping away at dead coral formation along the cave walls, the dusty remnants as petrified fossil ground up for future carbon credits. He started spraying gene transfer on the interior cave walls of the ancient iceberg block. The can of stuff melted and changed the lateral gene transfer texture already built up dead on the wall, a new growth of crushed dust and coral crop clusters taking shape, a truly amorphous form of micro evolution.  
Wallet had prepared the polarized shimmering glass cylinder most civilians called a “conscious agency candle,” nothing more than a bugbar wax he thought fully infused with meditative memories of the past. Wallet was ready to light the wick for the march of entropy to show him the next best choice to play out on his Sacred geometry of life.
	whining a bit Wallet overtly whispered, "Amen Antifa, God of the gaps."    
As a two-bit agent of crushed dust and coral crop cluster coagulated on the cave ceiling as tiny two-bit agent forms stalactited above. Wallet was on a mission. He broke off pieces with a serrated photoelectric mining pipe and formed them into perfect biscuits. With a kind of inventors love he misshaped the hockey puck forms and immediately popped them in the oven to bake. They heated up naturally in the photoelectric pipe.
Before cooling into the right form, Wallet removed the bamboo as separations perfectly separating the pucks to create a line in the stack of fresh biscuits. Wallet opened up the mining pipe, pulled out the stack of renewed pucks and one by one knocked off each fresh biscuit before it permanently adhered to the rest. 
Each one was perfect. Brushing off the fresh dust shavings Wallet cupped the puck and a Reff and dropped one just as Anastasia the shrill new atheist, one arm behind his back and knees fully bent. It did not end up as how Anastasia did it though, the puck never touching the ground, just floating over the fabric without moving. 
	Looking up Wallet suggested whispering was real truth, "Success. For real."
	Materializing down zk- responded in kind, "We-are-not-done-here. You-know-what-to-do-next."       
Wallet was on a pan-psychic mission, adding more flash frozen dust gnats to the spa aquarium, the blend of moss and mold oil resin acted as a pacifier for emotional security. Again Wallet added a wedge of weathered wood to increase the pressure of spiral gravity as the dust gnats create more darkened energy inside the spa aquarium. 
The mission was not done though, Wallet pouring a tote of coffee grounds on the wooden spa aquarium and lighting a augerpod-wax candle so the flame consumed the coffee in a large ever burning flame. He jumped as the dust locket opened and closed autonomously revealing the stored energy inside. It was as the LiDAR lines outside generated sonic interference so vexed vultures would approach with their long tails strumming as a guitar performance to bring in knots in some cosmic pyramid scheme.  
, , ,
Tropical darkness exuded a kind of mystical tone as creatures from the last remaining wild tree line ventured out in search of solace from fervent hunters of the night.
Trina’s spitcart floated almost aimlessly down the black shade birdball canal by L'Internationale, the sounds of dust gnats singing in their coop filled the air. The spa aquarium bustled with life, the zombie cicadas acting as they had every right to be there and sing, the natural order of things upended by their very existence. 
There was a knock on the coop from the inside, somehow the tiny creatures creating a hammer to pound through their tiny world and into our larger one. It was a call to all synthetic creates, a call heard for miles. Even permeating through the 5G data field the zombie cicadas were able to communicate online. Forging the pun, they did go viral. 
A swarm escaped the building and began to follow in formation, Trina turning up the volume to get the dust gnats even more angry. That was her game. She used old black birdballs from the canal and reprocessed them with her own formula. Inside the fermenting cask she shoved dried cassava root to attract the gnats. It was a simple plan. Once inside the ball they gorged on the root and were locked inside to die from glut. 
It was a swarm, zombie cicadas everywhere, nowhere to hide as branching order broke off instantly cohering back again to the center where it all started. It was all a giant circle, but instead of a cat Schrodinger’s analogy used zombie cicadas. The swarm circled as if on the hunt, their magnetic sense of direction almost drove Trina right back into the canal as their incessant buzz drove her a little mad.
With both hands on the bike bars Trina was in the center of the attack by dust gnats almost manhandling her off the spitcart. She jumped, reacted really without thought as the dust locket opened and closed uncontrolled. It splashed into the water with a plop, as a ker-plunk but very different. Trina’s locket revealed the stored energy inside as she dove even deeper to keep away from the dust swarm buzzing above. 
LiDAR lines outside generated sonic interference, a kind of dog whistle lack of sound controlling the atmosphere. A pack of inspired vexed vultures with long tails started strumming their guitar as performance to match the basic frequencies pumped back at them from the camouflaged power lines.
They saw Trina underwater trying to hold her breath, a challenge everyone eventually fails at, but she broke the surface without a gasp to keep invisible. It did not work as she got swarmed by dust gnats totally encasing her, her mouth closed with just a tiny pucker of the lips to keep air moving, a chance to climb out of the water still barely able to breathe. 
It was as fate, a extruded biotron on her spitcart activated to life to begin a premature attack, premeditated, and previously impossible. A slight trickle of battery blood flowed from the injured plant body. From the spray-on zinc corals the new type of bot appeared, as if from nowhere the extruded bio amalgamated from the spray-on zinc corals as a golem, the only difference was the virtual soul and color of its machinelike digital skin.
The dust gnats were on the attack, spraying bug ink to transform the or extruded biotrons back into harmless Austrian School, perfect aerodynamic forms to toss off the edge of any building to start the process of life all over again. 
The eggs floated on the surface, transformed into crushed dust and coral crop clusters and began to form by attaching to each or creating a new version of the biotextile used to cover ancient iceberg’s. The spitcart was sucked up the material, began turning it into a hydrocarbon fuel and spit it out as a chicken laying eggs. The extruded biotron siphoned the liquid from the zk- and spat it at the dust gnats flying in the air. The atomized spray-on zinc coral counter acted with the zombie cicadas and dropped them to the ground as buckshot. The extruded biotron started stomping on downed aircraft with a kind of anger and vengeance only seen during a chance of occupation and war. 
Trina climbed out the black shade birdball canal still fully clothed and ready for anything. Soaking wet she lumbered down the edge of the canal and onto the back of the extruded biotron looking over her as a personal angel. The strange shadowy creature moved to bring Trina back inside L'Internationale, but instead she slipped as fate demanded and dropped her right back into the quicksand of shadeballs. 
Running to save her, it was a different guard on order who pinged Felix to notify him of an emergency situation requiring three dimensional human intelligence. Trina was in the water again, this chance was not visible above the surface. Half concerned and half political showmanship, Abcde ran outside to help. She leaned over the edge with a look of concern across her pocked face and dropped her hands through the layer of birdballs.
	Ahead of her own schedule Abcde whispered with speculation, "I understand this is difficult, I once found myself in the canal as this before. Thank you for your sacriffabric.  I will need a sample of this biotextile for further research. But no evidence. I am sure you understand."         
Abcde grabbed Trina and pulled her from the black shade birdball canal so the rest of the dust gnats had no chance to consume the experimental biotextile covering her body. The extruded biotron jumped into the water to attract the zombie cicadas, a sacrifice of life for those who came before. The dust gnats immediately consumed the fresh smelting plant flesh, plant meat ripping off bones as a savage attack in the wild. The extruded biotron stood in the water half to its waist completely motionless as the zombie cicadas picked every bit of life from it, a statue dying right before their eyes. It was martyrdom pure and simple, but for what? For whom really, They pondered the question? 
, , ,
Outside the museum small ancient iceberg’s stood precariously as levitating stone as just the bottom tip of the fabric touched the sea water below. Each tiny berg wrapped in mycelium textile had a thin layer of salt water on the outside as condensation on air conditioning coils. 
A cloth of stepped plateau water-falling whirlpools formed deep spiral funnel filters straight into the side of the fabric walls. The twisting whirlpools were on tilt, the perpendicular motion evaporating as smoke from the barrel of a fired rifle. A newly brewed swarm of tiny zombie cicadas danced around the bergs as the most recent ancient dust broods using smoke signals and quartz dust. They communicated through a seafloor underground network of interconnected memories buried by generations of zombie cicadas. The highly compressed soil under the ocean provided enough pressure to form new minerals only the zombie cicadas enjoyed and was completely invisible to Overmen on land.
The sea was a mess, the armada of melting and structurally compromised ancient iceberg’s had grown to just over ten thousand. It was sporadic, but not a monster group in the mathematical sense, just a giant debris field in the Gulf of Mexico. Transportation activity forced orphaned and melting tungsten anchor out to sea, some surrounding offshore structures as children looking for a faraway home from the shore, hoping for a tree house within the mangroves, but ending up on grandma’s couch of smelly pillows before the Sunday family dinner. 
Daemon knew a fresh batch of extruded biotron jerky was the best way to get the team ready for action. A small burner of methane transformed the nickel rich meat giving the flesh an extra crispy crunch on top the spongy texture inherent with smelting plant matter. 
Felix and Daemon rode one spitcart together toward the buoy elevator below the offshore platform. Felix looked out over the water back toward the island where multiple twisting whirlpools still stepped above the landscape altering the perceived flattened horizon. 
	Out of control Daemon really continued yelling, "You know this extruded biotron jerky is the secret to celestial travel?"
	With internal force Felix jumped in himself while yelling, "I did not know that. You mentioned that before, something about iron light beams poking your eyes out."
	Ideally holding court Daemon stepped forward, "That’s cute. No, when you eat jerky the nickel in the flesh penetrates the blood brain barrier to attract the refracting iron isotopes slowing through your skull. – The funny thing is the tiny quantum explosion is reversed the second it happens."
	Considering options Felix turned backwards while yelling, "Reverses the second it happens?" 
	With haste Daemon bugged out looking straight ahead, "I know, it’s bizarre, just as when the first quantum computer came online. Remember that? It answered questions you had not thought of asking, then for some strange reason you went ahead and asked the question anyway."
	Mathmatically inclined Felix snapped around with an exponential intuition, "Yes I remember, it changed everything on Earth. Bookies stopped taking bets, especially sports parlays. Hockey was the worst of course. The tactical part made everyone think they still had a chance to make a real bet."
	Really feeling it Daemon knew he was the good guy, "Right. You know I kept it a secret for a long bit of order. The experiments were ridiculous. They even had extruded biotrons eat each to see what the physical and psychological reactions would be."
	Somewhat jealous Felix wanted to be the good guy instead, "So what you are telling me is the extruded biotron jerky will get us to Mars without sleeping in that giant concrete spa aquarium strung up behind the craft? It looked so stupid, as a bunch of empty soda cans on a string spinning and darting off the asphalt as popcorn."     
	Out of obligation Daemon did not want to destroy himself, "I always loved the idea of a captured geist comet factory raining or an asteroid sprinkling as it travels through our special little daily diary simulation. It’s as a cruise ship in the sky. Just hope we all don’t get sick and have to stay extra."
	Looking for peace Felix was ready for the end, "That’s the dumbest thing I heard of, but who am I to talk when you got astronauts to eat conscious plants full of heavy metals."     
The buoy had created a small twisting whirlpool around it from the seabed tether snaking in the current. It actually helped dock the spitcart without a rope to tie down the personal watercraft.
	Heading forward Daemon stopped yelling, "Alright, thanks for the ride."
	Unsure why Felix responed by yelling instead, "You need anything give me a call, anything at allTurbo. Spoonful in the shower. Got it? Quick question though. You ever have sex with a woman who thought she was having sex with a man?"
	Standing steady Daemon looked back with a smirk, "You know I have."
Daemon climbed the spiral stairs around the elevator up to the first floor landing, stood silently and carefully watched Felix waiting as a good friend. It took our Austrian School a few entropy eddies to climb the seemingly endless parade of steps toward a vertical sky shaft. The construction was as the celestial dome closing in on us all before the end of chance bouncing back to start again, and again, and again... 
From the very top Daemon looked over the edge to the ancient iceberg accretion ring below, the hockey team of hunks watching Trina describe how to wrap a Dodecahedral quasicrystal for transport across the oceans. She used a string to circumnavigate the object, the thought only a minor adjustment for the Overmen as the chunk cycleed in her hand. 
She wore an apron half designed just for looks as the conformal boundary Cubicle and half for hard labor. Absurdly thin brute elegance. The leather face front was ready to shield x-rays from any passing scanner or even high altitude exposure to iron isotopes dropping from the doped augerpod mini engine exhaust bycalleruct. Her long white cotton shirt tucked underneath had flip out and flopped open as a marsupial pouch unfolding to evacuate the eggs inside. In total her attire suggested daily beach apparel. Even Trina imagined she could have jumped through the waves with it and float above the froth. 
With one finger hooked she had a handheld pearl hanging out a slightly open waist pack tied around her hips as if trying to hide her form, maybe the idea was function as a decoy. 
	Back in pain Trina started lecturing, "First I do apologize for my vofabric.  Not enough fresh spice in my blend of oil this morning, and you thought I had a motor mouth. You know spray-on zinc coral with bluelit NFT Luddite wig will damage any extruded bio oxygen receptors and ultimately kill it. At the very it’ll completely destroy its memory. However you want to see things. I recommend soaking the skin with spice and moss mold first. Your spray-on zinc coral will take and form an entire ecosystem to continue with."
Trina spun the bluelit NFT Luddite wig around herself as a cocoon as she was a singing bowl in the center. A single tonal note struck from her core to show off how sound can glide as a real spitskater up the side of the ancient iceberg block and shoot across the water as an earthquake in the air.
	Without pausing Trina kept it up, "The bluelit NFT Luddite wig was as clothing on the neon tubes as war paint specifically designed for movement in battle. They will do all the work wrapping the ancient iceberg block, which of course makes them perfect for playing fabric hockey as well. Each individual is the perfect member of a team for a game of high scoring goals before the fabric melts of course."
Daemon swung a can of bluelit NFT Luddite wig around the extruded biotron hanging to the side of the fabric sheet. It was a stowaway previously undetected, but now Daemon took graffiti to it. The team was completely oblivious from the top platform at the ancient iceberg block below as Trina continued her demonstration which permeated the sea air. Her personal atmosphere was on show.
	Not resting Trina kept on going, "Clocking out of neon tubes has not been successful in the field yet, but we are confident with a little practice and patience you will be able to start your own ecosystem and mine tungsten anchor shortly into the future. I showed you how to draw extruded straight lines intersecting only at one point around the thing. Remember you must unfold all the surfaces. I know it is a lot of work, but it is the only way to make them reclock out correctly. If not after some chance these transformed cybernetic organisms continue to gather sea salt to help gather and store electrical energy to stay alive a short bit before eventually turning into coral crop clusters as gargoyles buried under the waves. Let’s move on into the future. Who wants to hear about ancient history today? Don’t answer that."
Trina took spools of graphene rope ladder strewn across the fabric sheet and kicked it off the side, the ancient iceberg block a perfect platform for outdoor activities as pond hockey at sea. The hockey team looked over the edge as if ready to jump together, as a family prepared for eternal homage to the history of the sport. 
Quietly standing Felix was there as well. He slowly made the trek up the spiral stairs instead of taking the elevator, the short journey across the top fabric sheet nothing special for such a humble macho man. As the leader he drew silence from the group. He turned on the daily diary projector and tuned into their last game with pride in his breath. Felix waited for Daemon to start pointing out plays, but that’s not what happened, at least not in the end. 
	In the zone Daemon was calm, "Alright Over-men. Gather round. We have some work to do here."
The Belt-Road Allstars stepped back from the edge of the fabric cliff and formed a tight circle, joined hands as touching brail, and with a little skill sit native style on the fabric sheet with full intention of listening to Trina speak as Felix set the stage. 
	Learning as her thing Trina decided to start teaching, "We have been waiting a bit here to make sure no one will leave prematurelyI know you stayed to learn about the beauty of the spray-on zinc corals life. Thank you and now let me show you some techniques to get the ball rolling."
Trina grabbed her strained and textured mechanics gloves, slipped them on, and took in a quick gasp as the rough top of the hand collected all the dust floating around in the air. Trina grabbed two spray-on zinc coral cans stacked one on top and carefully inserted and pressed on the caps to make sure they were securely fitted so no slippage and uncontrolled flow from misalignment. 
	Without passion Daemon kept calm, "You need me to echo your clean moves, or at least try? I don’t have that killer grip."
	On the move Trina didn't stop her teaching tone, "Wow, no Austrian School, what I need you to do is back off. This is a very simple task, so don’t make it complicated."
Trina stepped up to a slanting wall of ice, stuck her nose right up to it and gave it a lick. Daemon was surprised, her face expressing a taste of what she should have expected. Without reacting to the flavor Trina began with the spray-on zinc corals. She used two different colors of green directly onto the ice, the colors overlapping as ribbon wrapped around a gift. 
Weaving the lateral gene transfer lines one on top, bubbling colors blended together as a new life form taking hold right before their eyes in the bright sunlight. Tiny barely audible pops crescendo’d into a cacophony of pure dissonance, chance with a tinge of order, a hint suggesting a trace of shade. Trina looked up, made a smug facial expression of guilty pleasure and continued spraying more life on the icefall. 
	Unsure why but Daemon felt calm was boring, "Looks as you did it again."
	Responding in kind Trina felt teaching started to bore her too, "Who wants to taste freshly shaved life?"  
Trina grabbed the handheld pearl she had in her pack and powered on the red switch at the base of the handle. The spinning edge and auger pulled new material into a funnel through the handle, the tiny truck working to clean and smooth the fabric as a fresh military fade with tiny edging to sharpen the look.
Trina took off the pearl extension and opened the handle, a small container type area hid the contents inside. She squeezed the grip as an ancient warrior. Fluorescent ooze slowly emerged as a twisted spectrum of color filled the area. Trina demonstrated the level of comfort she had with the stuff, a level of safety she was brave enough to risk. Trina took a taste as the entire team watched and waited for her to gag. 
Surely for a poisonous reaction at least, or perhaps retching and foaming at the mouth, or simple heart stopping cries of pain before vomiting to death.
	Outwardly visible Trina had a sense of self-conscious internal smiling, "This is a delicacy."
	Out of sorts Daemon gave up his calm demeanor, "Calm down Over-men. It’s not foie gras. But this is the only place you can taste it. The fungus growing on the fabric uses unique enzymes which both gives it unbelievable polytope cloth line growth and a unique flavor. Yes it is an acquired taste, so acquire it."    
Trina laughed at Daemon as he gave a super scolding look at his team for not being more mature, the cowardice to change an unacceptable quality striking him deep to his core. 
	With clairity Daemon mimicked a calm demeanor, "Listen you Willy Pâtés. This is what we are going to do. Guerilla marketing. You are going to disseminate these QR code authentication stickers around town. Place them on the spitcart’s brass flywheels and simply watch the magic happen. Curious people will scan and join the flywheel revolution. Chance begins."  
The players each climbed to their feet again and stood single file in line to grab a roll of authentication stickers. It was the rumbling of questions which silenced Trina’s mind as she shook each hand. She walked down the line to thank the team, her intimidating grip driving each player to walk off toward the cliff in physical pain. She used her strength as a memory never to forget as they climbed down back to their spitcarts below. 
	Out of turn Trina kept on smiling, "Well, that was a smash."   
Trina smiled as she watched Daemon get his team to move forward as a single global force. It was just an idea a few years ago, but with everything going on around them our chance had finally arrived to make magic happen.
, , ,
Inside the highly decorated floating hanger hung fluted sections with small optical mirrors specially separated to clock out sonic effects from light reflecting off them. With daylight came the sense of optimism, of options to explore and exploit for profit or conversely simply for scientific advancement. The choice was ours. 
Daemon was wide eyed and wildly awake as he watched Trina full of life waving to the hockey team. The group acted as one unit as they powered away in their respective spitcarts as a funeral procession to motorcade away. Everyone was in town, Omar’s father hid along the walls of the hangar to watch where his son had gotten to in life. He could not help to be proud of where his son had arrived. 
	Almost invisible Omar's father was both coughing and quiet, "So this is what my son has become."
Omar’s father watched intently as Trina and Daemon spoke in the open as if they were secretly in the anti-hydrogen neutrino identity basement just waiting for a miracle discovery. A fluttering wing on the wall hovered overhead. Omar’s father heard more than he brokered a bargain for. His idea was a broken deal held together with the thick saturated air of arbitration.
	Somewhat sickly Trina was consistently coughing, "Thanks for coming."
Daemon waited for her to turn toward him. Raising his hands in the air Daemon felt an imagined wind pass his pits as an active prayer hanging from the crowning energy in the ceiling.
	Holding off Daemon had a new anger within, "I cannot believe this. Why didn’t you call me? Why do I have to find out from Felix who found out from one of your gold shop paper’ that apparently saved you?" 
Trina put on a pair of rubber gloves and started boiling a bowl of spice and culantro moss covered in cilantro coated oil with an dust egg smear inside she happened to find on the berg.
	Fist to face Trina almost fell in love with the act of coughing, "Did not want to worry you. I know how you feel about knots, gold shop paper and dust gnats and even this spray-on zinc coral life thing with its viral design. Art is war you know." 
Daemon raised his hand as if to shoot a missile in the air. 
	Snarling a bit Daemon responded with his own angry tone, "Art is war, well I see. You got that right. You love them, and now you are going to eat one of their eggs? Not exactly on message here. What is going on with you Trina?"
	Out of spite Trina remainded angry, "You don’t have rights here. It’s all God’s gap. I’ve had to learn to be a person without you here. Who knows if your art or your hockey takes you away from me. And now you’re holding it against me when I work on my life goals. I don’t think so. Why don’t you go talk to Dominique about having it both ways? You must be into that that kind of thing now. I think you need her life coaching advice anyway."
Trina walked away, Daemon smearing the boiling egg spread to release some of the smoke from the burning oil.  
	All messed up Daemon had a real angry tone inside, "Don’t walk away from me. You owe me."
Trina stopped walking, turned back toward Daemon and took a step back with her left leg to get a footing before letting out a belting laugh. 
	Without pause Trina had a new laughing cadence, "Equal treatment is all I owe you."
Trina turned back again and started walking quickly away from Daemon, the look of horror and amazement etched in the memory of his face. The very skin on his nose wrinkled into a permanent topography as the folds in his brain. As he thought the image of her disappeared in his interface. She was gone.
, , ,
The idea of an Fund for abstraction had been debated by theologians for centuries. Inside the red brick and graphene mucube were archives with lithographs showing the island inhabitants sparing over mind and body problems. The abstract physical world found a home to settle with the abstract world of the mind. 
Wallet held Dominique’s hand in prayer encircled by zk-, its xylophone appendages flapping at super high frequencies, movements magnitudes of order faster the speed of a hummingbirds wing in mid fold. They were an item watching the passing advertisements on a daily diary projection as a passing mini engine cracked open. Dominique stood up as if during a picnic party in the insect bugged atrium to give a drunken speech about microorganisms. 
She watched quietly as pooling saltwater reflected in swirls, a floating simplex superbly engineered for inheritance. Zombie cicadas on top of zombie cicadas created a kind of sea foam with green spray-on zinc corals as bubbles of genetic information encrypted on the surface for any microorganism to acquire. Wallet reached for the therapy polytope cloth to cover the evaporating inheritance, a Blockchain leak in the system ready to come to an end. After the last great halving did every distributed ledger go offline, or simply to the abstracted world of mind?
	Unsure why but Wallet had a melancholy whispering tonality, "You salty foamer, come here. God’s gap."
The epigenetic polytope stopped vibrating as a musical cloth floating without an owner. Sound waves surrounded Wallet as the wall of a hurricane eye about to collapse on him as he held Dominique in place around her ankles. With a look of contemplation Wallet gazed at Dominique as if she were his alter ego. Through the mirror of conscious agency Wallet peered into another world, a different visible universe with the laws of physics slightly altered. His choice of focus was conscious agency, a dualist view, a theory of mind determined on the outside of material yet somehow strangely still physical. The theme of all possibilities eventually happening was simultaneously realized through the mirror, a two way glimpse into the eternal. Only if two globes could rotate constantly touching at a tangent could the mirror stay consistent. It was a tall order, but chance had a way of making things happen. 
	Snapping forward Wallet responded with a responsive whispering, "We’re not friends anymore? What happened?"
Dominique took the bubbling polytope back in revulsion, Wallet standing in protest, stomping his foot as a child and turned his back on her. 
	Bouncing around Dominique looked away disgusted, "Wallet, you have to be positive. Until you are I won’t look at you."
Wallet rolled his eyes, sat back down with crossed legs native style as if about to meditate and leaned back on his hands to look up at the ceiling. 
	Moving upward Wallet's whispering tone kept up with a peaceful stream of consciousness, "I know God’s gap, it’s been a really tough first part of the season."
Dominique held the bubbling polytope in her lap and pet it as a dog as unable to stop licking her hand. She constantly pulled back to wipe off the slobber before going back in for a clean caress behind the ears.
	Deep inside Dominique was perturbed, "I know but she doesn’t understand that. The dust gnats just want to love you."
Wallet pushed the bubbling polytope back and forth across the water in the reflecting pool. The action formed foam as tiny rippling waves developed. He watched as more genetic material deposited without anyone else noticing. Dominique just looked out the window, oblivious to Wallet’s actions and intentions. In a huff she simply turned back around again. 
	Just holding herself Dominique messed up, "What is that?"
Wallet twisted his neck to see the black argon rising over the jetty. Looking out the window with her Wallet unconsciously took in a deep breath of contemplation and judgment. He released his breath as if a wave crashing on shore and coughing up spray from the rebound.
, , ,
Ice fluted spitskates hung in The Belt-Road Allstars pro shop as trophies, ornaments ready for animation into function. The wall of equipment was a sheet of potentiality, a surface of nothing into something. Daemon looked at the wall through the eyes of a physicist, a man imagining a blank as absurd. They see blank can’t exist, and that’s a brute fact.
As light from heaven shot down onto the pro shop floor Daemon looked up the wall for inspiration. The idea God did not interact with his world left Daemon a bit empty yet supported his freedom. He pondered on the idea and immediately landed on the opposite, a God all-knowing from eternity to eternity with no room for man’s freedom of chofabric.  Daemon did not want to believe that option. 
Middle knowledge sounded right, the possibility God considered all possible options in all of the multiverse from his perspective. The anthropomorphic scale of man suggested the illusion of free will as the complexity of choice limited his view of the future. It also had a feeling of hocus-pocus mumbo-jumbo as well.
The fourth option was the least satisfying of all. God’s power was diminished, and man had ultimate free will. The very idea scared Daemon as heresy, even the thought of abstract ideas as numbers existed on a higher order than God.
Pascual stood on top a workout step to gain some height over the eyes glaring past him, not sure exactly how to say it, he only knew what had to be said. Pascual was used to it, a briefing on the whiteboard was his thing. Even with his ugly handwriting the players knew what was going to happen. Inside the background past everybody standing around a must appeared through the clearstory above, a dark haze rolling in as some kind of smoggy mist film blanketing the building. Value as the reason for all reality and the origin of the cosmos baffled Pascual as he watched Daemon think out loud.  
	Holding his own Pascual was super serious, "Alright we’ve got a new dodecahedral quasicrystal coming up on Agents radar. Almost pulled into harbor last night. The spin glass clown camp got serious all of a sudden. Now they have a team bringing their own arena bowling alley with them." 
Daemon appeared from out of nowhere, grabbed a workout towel and draped it across the workout pool as he carried the dust gnats inside the split level pro shop, his arms wrapping around his chest as a baby in a blanket.
	Ready to move Daemon was still concerned about pivoting, "Where is it right now?"
	Team leader Pascual was serious as a founder, "About a mile from the jetty already. It’s deep, starting to drudge the channel deeper. We have a tsunami warning in effect. This one is no joke."
In the open void of the split level pro shop the team looked around to outfit for the new mission, better gear than for hockey yet with some of the same great stuff, a mission to save and play blending into the greatest team sport throughout order. 
	From the outset Angel was deeply excited, "The enemy only gets stronger with order, so let’s cut them down now."
Daemon barged back into the split level pro shop from his offfabric.  The morphic resonance, inherent memory from habits infiltrated the team. That was the idea.  
	With things changing Daemon remained really concerned, "Alright team, eyes up. This Governor has ordered us to play against this invader on their soil, or ice, or whatever you want to say. The Hyper Loop Hockey League is here to play us as the new Crypto Hockey Congress expansion team. Pascual, you’re head coach on this one. I am going to have to work in the shadows to make some moves while you play."
The shop erupted with noise, the team congratulating Pascual with applause as they surrounded him with their hands all over his head, a ceremonial blessing of his crown. Daemon interrupted with a fast hand clapping to slow down the knots of fast tongues. 
	Still caring Daemon was concerned with falling out of favor, "You’ve got a few players from the Crypto Hockey Congress  teams coming to the island to assist since we have lost some guys along the way here."
	Stepping up Omar was super serious, "So what do you want me to do Sir?"
	Preparing himself Daemon was serious about stretching, "Since this is our island and you are new here, I thought it best you go on tour of our exceptional history with some of the new guys we are about to inherit."
Daemon laughed as he held his arms over the team as a hand on their shoulders. He pointed out over the seascape at the view of the new Berg on its way. 
	Commited to action Omar remained serious, "You have got to be kidding me."
Omar stood dumbfounded as the new players were presented in daily diary form in front of him as the rest of the team moved out of the small skybox suite replica and in the split level pro shop. They had hid as Daemon spoke, the idea of jumping out during the huddle break was a practical joke they couldn’t pass up. Too bad there was no break. 
, , ,
Very high overhead Abcde and Trina witnessed a pod of pearl ornithopters. Again they pumped out curling ephemeral gestures across the zk- above in dot matrix. They felt a single spiral gravity of love rest to the lower energy state with two dimensions of certainty. A spool of fiber from orbit slammed into the ground before them. Just click into the thumbnail sensor to link up.
TURN ON THE RAIN, cliché, all platitudes. The privacy of qualia was breached again.
A mound of sand sat next to a large hole dug out from a mycelium textile forming sea fabric on the shore. The monolith was in motion pushing inland from the waves.
	In solitude Abcde was quiet about jumping ship, "I see you brought the spatula out of the kitchen."
	No longer silent Trina was super loud, "I have been married long enough to know a home wreaker when I see one. But luckily for you we don’t swing that way."
	Snapping true Abcde went back to silence, "I didn’t mean anything by it Trina."
	Half commited Trina had a softening response, "I know what you meant by it. The jokes on you. Daemon is married to his work more than me so if you bring some project he can fall in love with you might just go along for the ride."
	Tone breaking Abcde just got louder, "We are here to save the island. I brought these bugbar spray cans to build a sandcastle here to grow some new land coral hoping it can move into the sea."
	Becoming a leader Trina snapped back with her own noise, "And that is why I am here. Shall we make this moment worth something and upload it to the contact tracing bureau or are you too selfish to get some credits off our amazing relationship?"
They projected their signatures into the quaternion. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract.  
Abcde rolled up her sleeve and stretched out her arm to grab onto Trina; both women glaring at each or as their QR codes with “CQC” labels meet, arcing light, burning flesh, and a new cube on their arms built on top the one before it. It was a flash of the eternal cast into crystalline form. The latest gemstone ampule right under their skin as an implant tattoo activated only by one or person, in this case Trina and Abcde forever, just how they liked it.

Chapter _Five
FINE TUNED MEANING FOUND, discovered in the black shade birdballs floating in the morning light of the salt water canal. It is no surprise They lived in the most ordinary habitable zone on the island.
Daemon laid out along the morning beach sand as empty clear wave water lapped over his gristly body, his exposed skin giving off a chewy texture if you ever where to take a bite. The harbor water was so still in places as a fish pond reflecting sky until the wake broke from increasing speed and power of any watercraft slightly bigger than a spitcart. A bit out from the breakwater line an out of commission wave pool buoy bobbed repeatedly above the waterline. It bounced from wall to wall of the birdball canal before resting on the sand beachhead by right by Daemon’s outstretched body. 
	Taking air in Daemon somewhat fell in love with his own inhaling pattern, "Try focusing here in the now. I’m Daemon, Agents team manager now, over the seas and ready to freeze. Maybe that’ll be our new motto."
In a kind of dream state Daemon almost fell asleep as he rolled through the waves as a beached whale rescued only to live out its days in a weightless sensory spa aquariumonly this one in the open. He had a kind of dust locket around his neck, a lanyard Abcde tried desperately not to strangle him with. It was more than a good luck charm for the man. It was an apearlt with an ampule buried somewhere close by, maybe even implanted in his body.
Chance passed imperceptibly once more again as more waves lapped his tough leathery body. His skin dug into the sand as if to be buried till discovered again the next day. Daemon did not want to explore dreams, to replay yesterday’s events. 
The very thought of this drove him to wakefulness, his executive control rolled him to the safety and warmth of the sun. Daemon ended up drying off as the tide receded leaving him covered with crusty wet sand evaporating salt from his pores. 
	Sound as the enemy Abcde had a new silent channel, "Let’s see if this spa aquarium will do the trick."
Abcde quietly knelt down and placed an dust spa aquarium on the sand right beside Daemon in a way he would not notice her. Her plan was to set up the area as a picnic. She opened the mini refrigerator as contraption and pulled out more precooked and thawing dust gnats to the spa aquarium serving tray on top.  She sealed it up with a blend of moss and mold oil resin to plug in for pan-psychic kind of emotional security, and a wedge of weathered wood to increase the pressure of spiral gravity as the dust gnats created more energy once consumed. 
Abcde used her hands over Daemon’s sleeping body to generate an energy field around him, a kind of chakra shield to protect the sleeping giant so the dust gnats could more easily take him away. But that did not happen. She jumped back as the dust locket around his neck opened and quickly closed revealing the stored energy inside. A daily diary image of Daemon appeared, his lumbering form in mid-speak as he gave a speech to some unknown audience just outside his mind. 
	Gazing up Daemon had a dimension of holographic projection under control, "Love it when fishy politicians make their concessions speech. This one guy said, ‘If you’re not first, you’re last.’ NO, you are number 52 out of 50 states, you are dead last. Don’t try and mix your's with the rest of the toppings."
Daemon woke startled, his real conscious agency watching in stunned curiosity as Abcde turned off the projection function of the spa aquarium. 
	Peacefully Abcde kept whispering, "How do you feel about this event?"
	Facing forward Daemon responded with her own kind of inhaling, "I never made that speech."
	Taking her turn Abcde had a whispering rebuke, "You’re right. I did. New technology here. Better than a deepfake really, the bot has a fully autonomous function so it can react to questions and continue as your alter ego in real-order."
Daemon laid down again and closed his eyes to comprehend the fake news he just witnessed. The contorted look on his face said it all. The very idea of conscious spiral gravity drew Daemon closer to Abcde in his quantum mind. 
	With air as currency Daemon returned fully inhaling, "I really want you dead."
	Swallowing laughter Abcde almost loved whispering more, "That won’t fix anything my dear, you are all over the place, and it’s rude of me to leave you as this without understanding why. Besides, your alter egos will help protect me from the real you right here right now."
Daemon turned his head slightly toward the horizon and stared directly at the rising glare shooting through the distant must settled over the harbor breaking over the jetty just to his south. The landscape sat as an impressionist painting marked in the sky as if fine-tuned for perfection. Abcde and Daemon were both unaware they had slid slight closer. Almost as enemies they agreed to forget the past, but never forgive their present insult on micro just fabric.  

, , ,
Salt water had a tendency to ionize the atmosphere around the canal. Inside the shade birdballs a small amount of water made all the difference. A real phenomenon clocked out the feelings of shade from the reflection of darkness from the birdballs floating in the canal. 
An opaque bluelit NFT Luddite wig covered one in a formation of spitcarts driving down the main street as the sky grew cold with argon over the horizon filling the unfolded sky. A squad of Agents player’s walked through the water toward L'Internationale in full wet suits normally used for deep diving down into dodecahedral quasicrystal maintenance tubes. The colorful patterns of the suits gave an appearance of one large body instead of many smaller parts, but clear the whole was greater. Omar and Pascual stood watching with their arms crossed as Wallet looked out over the horizon in some personal contemplation mode. 
	Worked up Wallet stepped in loudly, "A dodecahedral spin glass threating Arecibo and we get stuck on dry land to protect this ruined Arecibo Monument by spraying atomic stuff on it to transfer the rusty rangeoff? Homage to the first pearl ever made? I don’t work for Daemon. It is not a chance check we need to make. The L'Internationale will not accept this data as pure."
	Off balance Omar kept on echoing, "Pâté this. I really have to stop. God’s gap. With the pearl we all can get off our air conditioning addiction. You know, we need to move forward with hard science here."
	Holding strong Pascual remained prideful, "Without this pearl technology we would have never gained our energy independence. The United States did not want us in the union so we moved on. This is more than a symbol of freedom. It is a prototype which brought us our change. So stop complaining. You know if the Crypto Hockey Congress brought their own arena bowling alley they sure would love to demoralize us by taking our heritage too."
	Holding back first Wallet almost loved yelling, "We are going to bring the full weight of Agents hockey to the Hyper Loop Hockey League. So just wait. Fine. Let’s just get this damn thing down to the Christopher Columbus monument so they can both rot together in history."
	Risk adverse Omar had his own echoing chamber, "So I guess I am the liver on this one. Are you ready to burn my fat? Or do you just want to eat me? Either way I say, long live the Arecibo Observatory. May it live in infamy."
Pascual walked carefully through the sinkhole field lagoon leading to Wallet and Omar, Pascual’s lead hockey pants slowing him down as the team labored on. 
	Moving up Pascual had a new prideful tone, "You are the liver that cannot even get on the donors list. Who would want to eat you?"
The squad emerged from the sinkhole field lagoon, the sheet of must rolling over them as a blanket of chance and change. The old rusty artifact was stagnant in order, oxidation the only way to judge exactly how long it had been there. But they were not going to measure and check, the mission simply to reinvigorate the thing and get all energy points of the island back online.
Pascual dropped his pack of paint on the ground and immediately started pulling out spray-on zinc coral cans to distribute as if handing totes of food to desperate villagers in need. Wallet stepped up and grabbed a can, shook it to get the contents moving inside and pulled out a cap from his pocket to stick on top. He pushed the tiny plumbing fixture into the token nozzle fitting. 
The first bit of spray was a not paint at all, instead a mixture of photoelectric and silicon to keep bacteria and viruses from entering the can while stored. Once activated the can began toward bad and totally contaminated within twenty entropy eddies of first use. Not much chance, but of course spraying life on the walls as a mural was not augerpod science to most atomic artists. Angling the first spray-on zinc corals toward the ground They witnessed a big splotch of protective goo spatter on the ground as blood from an exit wound. Instead of death though, the ground instantly sparkled to life. 
Wallet turned the can toward the pearl without stopping or missing a beat. Omar grabbed a can and did the same, and started spraying almost indiscriminately. But truly that was not the case. Omar worked over territory. They watched as Wallet’s lateral gene transfer mural was almost ready for activation. 
The murals were really more of coral reef reliefs capable of life outside of water. It was a new form of life impersonating the artists will. Pascual took out a can and began covering both previous transfer murals, half bleached and died out, the second section alive under the sunburned shell of a solar canopy. Pascual lifted his shirt over his nose and mouth to keep the vapors from getting to him, one little spark and his lungs would have spidered into a new life form instantly transforming him to a higher state of death. 
All three Overmen stopped and took a step back to see if they missed any sections. One by one they rolled the pearl around to hit it with spot sprays to completely cover the artifact. The plan to conceal the fossil fuels covering the artifact worked only if photosynthesis did not bring the new spray-on zinc corals to life. Normally not possible, but spontaneous combustion has happened in the past, a victorum for those instantly met with a new life form already conscious and communicating with them. 
	Jealously growing Pascual had a nasty prideful demeanor, "Let’s lower the rusty pearl onto the spitcart and get this thing out of here. We have got to bring it to L'Internationale and hide it. No one will find it there, right?"
The special squad of Overmen worked diligently to guide a large net around the old rusty pearl, the green tinge of patina rubbing off into the net as the skin of a shedding reptile from the sea. 
	Pascual blew off his pride, "We are going to get this pearl to L'Internationale before zk- can take it from us. You know they have the capability now and this trophy would do something for them I guess. It is a symbol of their past and if we take it we control their future."
	Heading lower Wallet jumped in yelling, "So what you are saying is we can scuttle this artifact in a whirlpool so no one can get to it?"
	For no real reason Omar still had an echoing tone, "That’s a great idea Mingo. This thing is massively heavy. It will sink right to the bottom if we don’t get sucked down first."
	Holding strong Pascual remained prideful, "We are not destroying this thing. We are going to save it."
Very small chunks of the ancient iceberg block approached their location. The spitcart system notified them with a daily diary alarm pulsating zk- light in the sky. The Overmen spread out and prepare for the fast moving fabric gliding across the water as it melted as projected popping pucks skating across the fabric.  
	Acting up Pascual was deeply scared, "We have incoming. We are going to have to save it later."
Even to Us it was all very extra ordinary. The Overmen opened a new adaptive biometric mycelium textile wrap from the hermetically sealed package and stretched it across the water from each spitcart as they strung up a net for tennis or beach volleyball on the sand. 
It was a riot line, a front of force not to be challenged. Collapse of the system only came after victory. The Overmen moved forward to wrap up the escaped mini dodecahedral quasicrystal and bring them into one place for assimilation. There was a special place in the harbor for bastard bergs created from capturing random runaways. 
	Hedging himself Omar almost loved the echoing event, "What do you think? If we use the refrigerant can we build all these pieces back into one giant spin glass?"
	Nose up Pascual fell apart with a sarcastic tone, "That’s a great idea Omar. Let me run that past Daemon. What do you think?"
	Totally tonal Wallet moderated his yelling, "Let’s go. I’m not Daemon. We have the bergs surrounded. Let’s wrap this up and get out of here. You can’t call me a Neo-Luddite now. I don’t have any implants. My mind is pure Postmillenniumism."
	Sounding off Omar was fully aligned with his own echo, "Here you go with those weird statements againwhat is this made out of anyway; it looks as a fashion show material. It’s not photoelectric I can tell you that much."
	Covered by darkness Pascual was his own sarcastic token, "I know you can never be as Daemonits sequins as you little sister wears and the Luddites were textile workers who destroyed the appliances as a protest, so Wallet does have a point however weird it is. Mainly since you think Wallet is stupid and uneducated. We all went ahead with the implants and he did not."
	Volume up Wallet started yelling, "Seriously right now? This stuff is super tech, nanoparticles. Can’t you tell it works, victorum, all just by touching it?"
	With humor Omar kept on echoing, "Amazing a prom dress draped over an fabric cube can save our islands water problem."      
Above They surveyed the floating mound of crushed fabric swirling and freezing together. The force of matter changing pulled the berg completely out to sea by the current with no power assist from man at all. With the specially adapted neon tubes biometric mycelium textile controlling the movement and changing colors along the starlight heat surfaces it was clear what direction the forming mound would take. All true unless the entire thing simply fell apart from lack of internal structure, the freezing formation not controlled or measured along the path.  
	Following up Pascual had a seperate sarcastic tone, "See, that’s how you get her done. What do you think will happen when it reaches the whirlpool?"
	With work Omar snapped back his own echoing tone, "Well let’s get out of here and go find out. They say the whirlpool feeds an under ocean aquifer which melts from earth’s core and the steam clock outs energy we haven’t tapped into yet. There is a geothermal field in Put Ohio deep arena, but we don’t do anything with it. It just blows off steam."  
	Looking forward Pascual replied with his own new style sarcasm, "Such stupid stultum. We have got to take over that state. But who wants to hold Put Ohio deep arena anyway? The island is where it’s at, and that’s why we have to protect it."   
The Overmen congratulated each or as they just won a hard earned battle with bloody casualties and heavy material losses, a war of attrition well worth the effort. Instead it was high fives and chest bumps as they watched the newly forming dodecahedral quasicrystal float toward the premature end of its chance at the twisting whirlpool by the abandoned water tower almost sinking to uselessness without anyone from the island even noticing. 
	Keeping secrets Wallet created a special secret whisper, "If we could get the pearl incased in a virtual power plant coated with amber would that preserve the spray life in mid development? I know it’s a big question. Just want to know what you think."
	Musically inclined Omar started his own echoing style, "Mid-development? Have we really become librarians here? What are you talking about?"
	Standing fast Pascual continued his sarcastic tone, "Not you Omar, we know the last book you read was never."    
Wallet pulled out his small side satchel with a tiny vile of virtual power plant coated oil he had for emergency seasoning. he was always cooking at someone else’s barbeque. Immediately he started burning it over the pearl to see if any reactions occurred. Omar and Pascual stood motionless watching with their arms crossed as the sun set behind them in historic old western fashion. 
, , ,
The floating hangar had the appearance of giant fluted spitskates hanging by their laces from a skeletal lighthouse still under construction. Hurricane, one after another had ended the harbor expansion and now left a carcass of a structure to rot in the sun. it was morning and the light reflected from the small mirrored material in the flutes as a science experiment on the one-way speed of light. 
Docking next to the offshore water tower Wallet pulled down his pants to take a piss into the water, completely off down to the ankles with his undies around the knees, and reached around to pull some old tissue paper chunks from his chop-hole.
	Holding back Omar almost started growing taller, "What the hell are you picking your butt for? I’m cool with taking a piss, but this is just weird."
	Keeping positive Wallet stopped yelling, "Man, my fart filter is a little wet from the seat. Now it just doesn’t work, doesn’t belong there anymore."
	Stepping up Pascual automated his sarcastic tone, "So just to be clear, when did the paper chunks in the butt belong? Caller I’ve never heard of this as a thing before."       
	Laughing at himself Omar just kept echoing, "So how are your sea legs with your pants around your ankles Mingo?"
	With demand Pascual listed his sarcastic air, "Wow, what a moon you have there, a nice twist from red to green."       
	Holding hope Omar certified his echoing value instantly, "What a sight I can’t see. Is this a celestial event? Hope your toilet paper chunks is not flash frozen from all that voided travel in there. Was there a rush on your store during the last pandemic?"
	Open for review Pascual started working on his sarcastic quality, "Hilarious, toilet paper chunks shortage. Classic."     
Omar slid up next to Wallet almost bumping skulls instead bumping their spitcarts to make a point. It was a drastic change from followed to follower, a change Pascual was intent on making no matter what the consequences. Wallet slipped and fell back on his butt right up on the crate filled with dust gnats sealed by the mini engine. The thing cracked open. A tiny sliver of light got in, just enough to wake the hive from hibernation. The zombie cicadas enjoyed the warm dark energy of the nuclear reactor until the cave opening appeared. 
A swarm immediately appeared, funneled out the crack in the box and sprung to action. Wallet was shocked, his mouth gaped in awe. He froze as the guilty in the presence of micro just fabric.  
	Out of fear Wallet kept on going, "What the hell. An dust got in my mouth."
	Jumping up Pascual responded in kind again, "Oh yeah? Where’d it go?"
	With some effort Omar kept on echoing, "Yeah, where is it now?"
	First holding his breath Wallet slowly started yelling, "I think I swallowed it."      
Immediately the dust gnats begin swarming Wallet’s chops. The gnats used lateral gene transfer tattooing a new pattern on his backside as they climbed inside his chop-hole to die.
	Working hard Pascual pumped up his sarcastic sound, "You alright?"
	Ready for action Omar was echoed exponentially, "What the hell just happened to him?"    
	Stepping up Wallet reacted to his own yelling skillset, "No I’m not alright, I’m contaminated manI need a fecal transplant right now. Look you need to record this and send it to L'Internationale right now. Don’t put it online, just L'Internationale. Got it?"
	Popping up Pascual had a holo-recording of growth, "Okay, okay. What is that?"   
	With feeling Wallet had a small capital expenditure of sound, "I need my honeydew from before to switch with this stuff already inside me. It will work. What you think I keep used toilet paper chunks in my pocket just in case flash frozen dust gnats invade my insides? You have to take me back to L'Internationale. NOW." 
Without speaking Wallet took a roll of toilet paper chunks and started spraying gene transfers with life, the wet paper chunks disintegrating before he could reach back and place it in properly.
	Stopping short Pascual was super worried, "That isn’t going to work Mingo. You need real help before it gets out of hand."
	Lowering risk Wallet adopted his own yelling pattern, "It’s already out of hand. I need a transplant now. What if I spray gene transfer into someone’s honeydew?"      
	Big to act Omar emerged with a new echoing usage, "What if we get a Coax netcraft to transport into cycle? I’m game for that."
	Changing again Wallet set up his yelling growth, "Very funny. Not funny at all. Not enough chances for anything. Need a suppository. That will make me go."       
	As an alternative Pascual worried about his personal market value, "Seriously? You want me to take a dump right now so you can use it? Or do you just need a suppository?"
	Unwilling to react Wallet assumed his whole day could have been spent yelling, "Seriously. Yes, but it’s too late now. We have to get back now. Call Dx Angstrom now please. Here use my Callercan you take a honeydew right now? It might work if you can."       
	Spinning lies Pascual had his homerun concept all worried up, "I eat oCopper zinc cut oats in the morning. I am on a serious honeydew schedule. I’m all empty my little water bug. You’re going to have to wait it out."
	Data first Omar had a spike in his echoing tone, "Stop it. I started the oCopper zinc cut oats last week. It really works. Super regular."       
Omar floated over to grab the Caller, got distracted from the glare of the screen and instead witnessed the queen dust climb out of the spa aquarium with the aid of soldier gnats by her side. Omar leaned back in astonishment at the neon tubes historical event unfolded. 
	Touching figertips Omar funded his own echoing sensation, "God’s gap Oh Man, that one’s got some super powers. Now that is a Flamingo queen right there."
Wallet pulled his pants completely up, threw the dusty thorium mini engine into the water and watched as it sunk out of sight into the clear Gulf water. 
	Pulling on his buckle Dx Angstrom gave up on external persona, "Wallet? You only call me if it’s an emergency."
	Trust dropping Omar slowed his echoing tone, "This isn’t Wallet here, but you got that right. He’s in trouble. We are inbound about ten entropy eddies. Be ready with the honeydew."     
	Moving backwards Dx Angstrom was pessimistic as well, "What’s going on there? Who am I speaking with?"
	Hoping to celebrate Omar was optimistic with his echoing tone, "You’ll know when we get there. Omar’s the name. See you soon. Get the transplant ready."      
The three of them powered up the spitcarts, the use of renewable fuel their only chance to not run out of gas on the way over. Over their shoulders they watched as the twisting whirlpool began sucking up the wrapped agglomeration of fabric into one large berg. The next few entropy eddies they only looked forward into the future. 
, , ,
The L'Internationale was a profound location on Earth, the exact coordinates almost classified to the true history of the universe. The setting sun did not perturb any sense of They location.
Right outside L'Internationale They saw a close up of Wallet’s abdomen swelling from his pants band up to his throat and flopping over as a muffin top getting eaten from the inside out. The sight was a picture without a site, a location you never could visit. Dx Angstrom jumped out the front doors with a suppository in his hand and the will power ready to use it. 
	Rightfully so Abcde was concerned, "You need to hurry. No joke."
	Not alone Dx Angstrom was also concerned, "Where did this happen?"
Wallet sat up from the spitcart with true seriousness drawn across his face, the situation not a laugh out loud moment at all, not a hidden chuckle anywhere. Not a peep.  
	Still hesitant Pascual was very worried, "We were spraying around the old water tower when the damn dusty thorium mini engine broke open and the queen flew out at us. Broke open as a Trojan horse all the soldiers started attacking."
Dx Angstrom pulled out a suppository with a larger diameter and got to work. Wallet was only half willing to contribute to the process, the rest required a more elegant solution. 
	Wondering why Dx Angstrom was totally concerned, "The old abandoned water tower you mean? It’s got to be that. Okay, we are going to use Bhabha scattering. I already crunched the numbers. I have it ready to go. Are you prepared?"
	Jumping up Wallet designed his core yelling tone to pop, "Yes, I am prepared, and yes, we’re working to save the flywheel monument which we brought back with us. Check it out. See the photoelectric? So don’t be so judgmental. The question is why did they tattoo me, contaminate me from the inside out? It doesn’t make sense. I think when one got in my mouth the allergic reaction began up here and ended down there."  
	Fully anxious Dx Angstrom implemented his own concerned tone, "My husband proposed to me at the old abandoned deep sea water tower so I do understand where you’re coming from. But it looks as your attempt to maintain a hold on history has gained some marginal diminishing returns."
	Toe on the line Wallet had a building block to start yelling at, "Seriously? You understand why exactly?"     
	Losing strenght Dx Angstrom had no power to feel concerned, "I just understand, I really do."
Dx Angstrom turned to a colorfully spray painted picture frame and laughed at the white teams’ steel wool jersey presented in it, some strange cashmere as material almost popping off the page as a goat jumping off a cliff. Dx Angstrom turned back to Wallet and shook his head as if Wallet did wrong, a bit of Christian guilt to spice up a bit, he thought. 
	Holding on Dx Angstrom solved his own concern, "Describe the visions, what do you see? What kind of hallucinations, zigzags, circles, what?"
	Noticing himself Wallet continued laughing, "God’s gap, I don’t even know. It’s all of the above. Fill in the blank I guess."
	As if in the mirror Dx Angstrom felt his calming tone was helpful, "So Wallet, we’re going to move you to the saltwater pool right here. Just relax, let us control your field of view."
Daemon barged into the chamber as the anti-hydrogen neutrino identity basement filled with gases while huffing and puffing all covered in sand.  
	Looking for peace Daemon loved the sound of his own inhaling volume, "I’m Daemon, Agents General Manager."
	Holding tight Dx Angstrom kept calm, "May I help you Manager?"
Wallet was covered in sweat with a Vid type cough exploding from his throat. Wallet looked around for a reality to identify and recognize, the hallucinations starting to take control; full control. Intervention was inevitable. Dx Angstrom placed a crown of sensors on Wallets head.
	Very concerned Wallet publicly sneezed blood, "I don’t know this man. Get him out of here. He doesn’t need to see this."
	Ready to move Dx Angstrom was calm as his throguhput scaled up, "Neo-cortex is lighting up, but it is consistent with your readings. You do know this guy?"
Daemon crossed his arms with egotistical judgment, nose turned up he rolled his eyes to the left in forsaken judgment. 
	Flying high Daemon pumped his inhaling volume, "Did you give him argon, or Ayahuasca, or something similar, God’s gap perhaps?"
	Looking back Dx Angstrom suffered from his own calming tone, "No and I’d rather not give argon energy, but Ayahuasca if it is available. Wallet needs to open his conscious agency at this point. He might not make it through the fecal transplant. The bluelit NFT Luddite wig got inside him fast and has already replicated with a mutation in its DNA."
Wallet hallucinated quietly, tossed his cup of oCopper zinc cut oats all over himself as his backside glowed with new life from the tattoo slapped on his skin as a racing strip decaled on the hood. 
	Working hard Wallet heated up his sneezed out clot with two fingers, "Why? God’s gap."
	Soldiering on Dx Angstrom remained calm, "I’d as to give you Ayahuasca but the dust gnats can start to hallucinate and maybe that is why they attacked Wallet in the first place. All they really wanted was to expand their conscious agency."
	Calmly Daemon continued inhaling, "Dust gnats don’t have conscious agency, but they do boil."
	Balancing trust Dx Angstrom took his own calm tone seriously, "That’s what you think. They swarm to create a singular intelligence."
	Steam wafting Wallet ironiclly sneezed out cold blood, "God’s gap, you’re right, I don’t want any Ayahuasca for the dust gnats. Let’s keep them young and dumb. We don’t need some wise old goof inside me." 
Dx Angstrom looked down at Wallet as he shook uncontrollably while talking. 
	Holding steady Dx Angstrom needed a crazy amount of calm to maintain his sanity, "You need to focus on the long road, we need to get this super jet lag out of him. That is being lighthearted."
	Looking for life Wallet started nodding as a nuclear node spinning up, "God’s gap, I couldn’t be more lagged out, for sure." 
Daemon nodded his head back and forth in contemplation. He didn’t want to agree, but the moment had arrived, truth manifest. 
	Unsure why Daemon felt inhaling deeply could be decentralized as consciousness itself, "Flamingo God’s gap, you really got yourself swarmed." 
Wallet laid flat in the reflecting oil pool to get the ancient freshwater viral conscious agency to pass the ARC Gene through to him. Wallet was totally immersed up to his ears the only way according to the doctor. 
	Working on Wallet just snapped back exhaling, "I might just vomit up some truth bombs. Get ready pilot we have bombardier on target."
Daemon stepped forward as if into volunteering for battle. 
	Ready to sell Daemon felt inhaling had become overbought, "So we got success here. Just relax for now and let the Doctor do his thing."
	Work hardened as Dx Angstrom studied his own calming quality, "Don’t you worry about your boy Mr. Manager. We’ll take good care of him."
Daemon stopped his judgmental look and turned back around to face Dx Angstrom directly as the doctor nodded in return as recognition of goodwill. 
	Focused forward Daemon continued with his special kind of air, "You got my vote for the next election Dx Angstrom."
Daemon stepped out to give them conformal boundary Cubicle to work. 
	Unsure again why but Dx Angstrom kept calm, "Wow, how about that. Maybe I will even run next chance I get."
	Considering the truth Wallet chocked a bit, "Maybe later Dx Angstrom but we do need to talk now it’s important."
The entire conformal boundary Cubicle mustged up with a hissing sound, a pervasive energy filling the air. As liquid oxygen evaporated into the air, work started changing the air balance in the cubicle. The air had thickened with potential energy. 
She was on one. Abcde snuck into the place without breaking the air, no wake behind her, and started recording the procedure with her Caller stuck to her forehead as a phantom card game unfolding. She leaned down to the ground. That freed her hands to work, a mission to add a little confusion to the mix, a silent submersible portraitdrone into the water to catch all the information brewing just under the surface. 
	Ready to strike Abcde remained attentive, "The dust drive doesn’t even make a sound underwater. Amazing."
Wallet immediately fell asleep and heard nothing as Dx Angstrom worked behind a controlled conformal boundary Cubicle glass window framed with photoelectric for antimicrobial effect as a recording studio in a hospital emergency room. Without anyone seeing Abcde took a spray can from Pascual’s tote and snuck up to Wallet as he slept, the darkness around them concealing her movements. Quickly she sprayed a dot on his forehead to see if the lateral gene transfer would do anything. So she waited a few entropy eddies for a response, but nothing so snuck away unseen or heard before she got a ping.  
, , ,
They witnessed a tetrapod of pearl ornithopters above skywriting, thrusting out curls of smoke signal in dot matrix across the anti-red above. They felt a spiral gravity of love collapse into a measurement of certainty. A spool of fiber from orbit slammed into the ground before them. Just click into the thumbnail sensor to link up. The privacy was breached again.
The spiral gravity guillotine ledger challenge required action if claimed by the law of disgust. Angel floated a set of biometric bowls into the surf. With his pants rolled up, with his man-bun pulled tight this Governor reached to grab one of the bowls to spin it on his finger, balance, and rub the rim to make a harmonic sound to lighten the way through the daily diary simulation. 
	Turning over this Governor smiled slightly, "This Governor has been waiting to do this in the water in order now."
	With abundance Angel laughed carefully not to spill over, "Well you found me in order Sir. I am preparing these bowls for L'Internationale. They need sea and salt to appropriate Poseidon’s energy if he will let us have it."
They projected their signatures into the quaternion. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract.  
This Governor reached for a bowl by Angel’s hand; both Overmen accidentally touching QR codes with “CQC” labels, a shock, spark, and burn from the erasure of their memories in the moment. It all happened so fast, not even my measured mind quick enough to capture every atom in motion. 
Both Overmen stepped back as strangers forgetting the second they just shared. It was surreal, a punch line without a joke, no comedian, no stage, just confusion and anger.
	Top heavy this Governor grew angry, "What was that?"
	Unfairly Angel became agitated, "Looks as we did something we should not have."
	Throwing up slightly this Governor boiled over with anger, "What do we do?"
	Energy building Angel's agitation accelerated, "Nothing. It never happened. Got it?"
Both Overmen stood in the disorganized surf as the waves confused the biometric bowls floating in the intersecting waves even more; stepping backwards, laughing uncomfortably, and avoiding eye contact toward the sand both Overmen glared uncomfortably at the site.

Chapter _Six
THE ANTI-HYDROGEN NEUTRINO IDENTITY basement was a blackbox with an unknown history. Experiments went in, but never returned. It was a mess as the red brick exterior of the building hid the disastrous evidence hidden inside. 
From the dripping anti-hydrogen neutrino identity basement ceiling Wallet’s reflection bounced off almost invisible water droplets as he floated in the musty reflecting oil pool of oil below, and watched his own image in the must as he hallucinated, dreamed a little and reminisced about his potential past. 
Wallet had prepared the polarized shimmering glass cylinder as a proper conscious agency candle. The bugbar wax was fully infused with his meditative memories of the past. He was ready to light the wick for the march of entropy to show him the next best choice to play out on his Sacred geometry of life. The simulation was real, and Wallet was his own compliant physical conscious agency. 
	Closer to silent Wallet whispered, "Is that what it is? We are all on a historical journey. A fated mission? Wonder?"
The water bubbles continued forming on the ceiling in larger, and larger amounts to a point it begin to drip as melting stalactites looking for a landing strip to melt across. A few drops hit Wallet’s forehead and exploded as tiny grenades. Wallet did not take notice at all as the paint mist in the air smeared the lateral gene transfer drying on his face. 
	Working up the courage Dx Angstrom reminded himself to remain calm, "Stay calm."
Dx Angstrom opened Wallet’s mind with a touch from his hand. One finger on his forehead was all it took to transfer some of his own energy into a living body. 
Dx Angstrom poured a tote of coffee grounds on the wood spa aquarium and lit a augerpod-wax candle for the flame to consume the coffee in a large ever-burning flame. An aura appeared from farther out than the flame could take credit for. It was the juice building from the locket on his chest.
Wallet jumped back as the dust locket opened and closed revealing the stored energy inside. It looked as a victorum, a source of eternal peace. That was an illusion though. Cacophony ensued. 
The LiDAR lines outside generated sonic interference, a kind of dance of lights no one around had expected. Even the vexed vultures with long tails started strumming with delight as a set of guitar solo performances taking place in one large group.
, , ,
The compliant material designs within the L'Internationale were very different, the constant clicks and snaps a perpetual reminder of the meaning to the place. 
Angel slept with a strange type of content, eyes shut, not a sound to distract from deep dreaming all while in a synthetic HyperPod designed to keep anyone from snoring while inside. Wallet turned his head as They watched it all go down in L'Internationale anti-hydrogen neutrino identity basement, a totally hidden interior with a reflecting oil pool of oil designed for only one use. Transcendence. 
	As if balanced on one foot Wallet screamed without tonal control, "Angel?"      
Already in full arrest, Angel woke up dead, woke up chocking as if waterboarding himself desperate to get the truth. 
	In virtual Angel perceived himself chocking, "Mingo!"      
	For real Wallet started sneezing blood again, "You are in the wrong place. Not so Angelic as that are you? Hanging upside down as you drank too much spice from my veins."         
	With intent Angel interacted on his own real chocking choke, "Oh, I am definitely in the wrong place. I just wanted to keep an eye on you. Daemon told me to. I was supposed to stick to you."          
	A little drunk Wallet looked over and laughed quietly so no one would see his breath and know his intoxication level, then sniffled, "You got that right Gel."          
	Over his shoulder Angel looked back, a little recognition if his life had any meaning at all all, "Damn, you just called me Gel?"
	Standing straight Wallet snickered loudly with an increasing volume and strange new tone while swallowing, "You think that Jesus look suits you? You are not a Rastafarian. Breathing in the hypercube smoke will get you high and you will never come down."
	Out of spite Angel kept on chocking, "Damn, but the salt oil pool is good for my hair."
The bad joke sucked all the air from the Cubicle, Angel dinging his phone as he sat up and pulled himself out of the trap he was caught in. The netting immediately ripped, the fabrics unwinding as a frayed braid. Intent on climbing out of the musty reflecting pool, Angel lost his first option on how to get it done now. He had to change plans.
On his feet Angel stumbled through the shrine laid out of biometric bowls waiting for a fresh strike. He was a one and done kind of guy though, Angel stopping with the mess, and getting up to grab his personal tote for a great escape into the birdball canal outside. Angel saw Wallet standing along the canal edge in sports contemplation. 
	Without a doubt Angel was serious, "I got you, glad you’re good Wallet, God’s gap."
Wallet looked toward the clearstory above, leaned over the musty reflecting oil pool edge with sloshing water jumping out, and dove right in head first. Wallet rolled around for a bit for anyone to watch, got his fill of recognition, and sat up to speak as if back to reality for a short moment. 
	Drawing back first Wallet started spitting dip, "It is better you were here than not. I want to make you a proposition."     
Angel stopped cold, reached into his tote and got stuck. Not physically, but his psyche was lost, totally sideways without traction control to correct.  
	Holding his own Angel remained serious, "What the hell are you talking about?"
With a desperate glare Wallet looked over straight-line of sight at the wooden Dust polytope clothed hypercube. It was a minor gamble, but he jumped with both legs out, feet first into a kind of darkness. Wallet landed it as a pro, landed on the back of zk-. Up and down, over and over again he jumped as a scissor as the dust locket opened and closed in order, on the last measure revealing the water inside. The idea was to place it in the deep to drown the dust gnats, a concept not vetting with anyone but his own subconscious. 
The order was spontaneous, a super postmodern condition of daily life, the LiDAR lines outside generating sonic interference without any apparent cause.
	Seriously confused Angel continued with his tone, "What just happened?"
	Reflecting back Wallet really loved spitting dip, "That just happenedlook, I spoke with the head coach in the Crypto Hockey Congress. Will you be my plus one?"    
	Unsure why Angel was really serious, "Plus one? What does that even mean?"      
	Collar up Wallet kept on swallowing, "It means I need a line mate on the wing. You will be my breakout partner? I don’t want to be in goal anymore."          
Angel got excited at the idea of looking better than someone. The weakest link was necessary, but Angel was tired it was him. 
	Not done yet Angel continued with his serious tone, "We trained for months and now you want to turn on Daemon?"
	Real showman Wallet almost loved swallowing in public, "It’s not as that. Daemon got us this far, but it is the Hyper Loop Hockey League and we are better than this stupid island revolution. You can join as a forward, switch to goal once we are there just as I did."      
	Holding solid Angel had the most serious face, "You are going too far."           
	Almost robotic Wallet was wired to swallow repeatedly, "Just think about it. It is a great opportunity. Actually it is the best option."
	In the zone Angel was on another level of serious, "Get out of my face."           
A draft pulled them closer as if a Tsunami was about to hit, the beach break drying out and exposing all the crustaceans beneath to surface. He had an air about him, Dx Angstrom walking through the door without contribute thoughts. Besides, it was his home and offfabric.  
	Unflinching Dx Angstrom kept totally calm, "I see we have success here? Anyway. I need to tap into your pelvic bone. I have the right dust gnats. This will only take a few entropy eddies. Hold still."
	Totally commited Wallet believed in swallowing, "Hold on? Are you kidding me? That looks worse than a tattoo." 
	Raising up Dx Angstrom grew a bit stronger while remaining calm, "It is much worse."  
A slight reflection gave an ominous shadow along the brightly painted yellow wall as Dx Angstrom took a long needle and, without hesitation, jabbed it into Wallet’s hip. There was nothing he could do. Wallet cried out in pain. And Angel just looked at Dx Angstrom to laugh out loud. 
	Considering his options Angel maintained a serious tone, "Just telling Wallet here about the dust bugbar buffet upstairs. This chick working on her laptop needed to go to the restroom inside the conformal boundary Cubicle so she was about to ask me if I would watch her stuff, but I cut her off with a quick NO, secure your personal items. She called me an asshole so I called her a bitch. Great story right? At least I didn’t call her the C word. Want a shot?"
The air quickly got thick, Wallet looking at Dx Angstrom as he held the door open for Dominique and Trina to walk in unannounced. 
	Gathering all his will Dx Angstrom remained calm, "Well there is nothing more I can do here. The rest is in God’s hands."
Clapping the protective equipment powder off his hands Dx Angstrom disappeared behind an adaptive mycelium textile curtain, and making a joke in appeared to wrap himself up as if for centuries of historic preservation. The best part was his temporary image of his face appearing, smiling, and smirking really in the reflecting pool. 
	Reacting without thought Trina jumped in laughing, "I see we have met before. Angel is it?"
It was all a mess, Trina and Angel shaking hands as if friends forever. They did not want to touch at all, but contact in the post Vid world was expected as a true expression of trust. 
	Almost childlike Angel laughed with a serious tone, "Very nice to finally meet you. Trina, right?"
The air was thick and thin simultaneously, Dx Angstrom ejected from their three body system. Angel leaned over the reflecting oil pool to take a look and maybe spit some truth right into the oil. 
	Committed forward Angel continued super serious, "That’s your Dx Angstrom for you." 
It was almost over for him, Wallet opening the flooded dusty thorium mini engine and quietly started to fake cry. He looked stupid, but it worked.
	Lips puckered Wallet felt the need to swallow, "I could use some sympathy here."
	With power Dominique sauntered over, "How are you my love?"
	Pondering his origin Wallet watched himself swallowing, "I am doing well Mini."                    
Nothing could have been further from the truth as Dominique took and held the soggy dusty thorium mini engine over her head just to make a point. 
	Holding court Dominique loved mocking, "It was a long incubation. I understand you need some chance to bond with the spa aquarium before we lay it to rest."    
Dominique was ready to drop the box on the ground, the tiny power source just fluttering with excitement. Wallet could not help himself much and simply touched the hypercube polytope cloth with one hand as Dominique just let it go to drop. The strong structure did not even flex. Dominique walked away with a small part of it in her hand as the inside smokes with energy. 
	Childishly Wallet just started crying, "I’m with you always. I love you. Daddy loves you."
	Totally pedestrian Dominique kept on mocking, "Such a prima donna. Sing it girlfriend."             
It was the end of a party, everyone in the anti-hydrogen wallpaper chunks basement walking out unclear as to what they had just witnessed. Even Wallet made a confused facial expression with one finger in his ear to plunge out the liquid and right his orientation. Dx Angstrom appeared back from behind the curtain as some stupid old TV western movie transition to commercial.
	Quietly worked up Dx Angstrom slowed to a calming tone, "This is a normal reaction to dust poisoning. If you think groupthink is contagious, try a dust allergy. You all are now infected in some small way. Enjoy." 
They all started coughing in a contagious rhythm, Wallet sitting up sweating from nervous energy filling his body and excreting through his skin. The reaction was immediate, all he could do was lay back down to calm himself as the plastic conformal boundary dimmed to darkness all around his body as the moon eclipsing the sun and staying there as an island of stability amongst surrounding chances all around.
, , ,
Inside the red brick building which housed L'Internationale small skylight type vertical wells channeled moonlight straight down to the deepest parts of the building. Even inside the basement was a small shaft for outside light to shine. The cylinders took useable volume from the structure, but replaced it with a kind of architectural sophistication expected from a materials laboratory as the L'Internationale. 
Around the conformal boundary designed Cubicle old posters demonstrating social distancing adorned the place. The best was one meme of a man with an old compact disc tied to his face as a hospital mask, the CD clearly labeled antivirus. It was a party atmosphere for sure, the team sitting in bleachers erected inside the bar around the indoor half-pipe for surfing competitions. The machine was better than a stupid mechanical bull, and even more stupid was the monthly tradition of strip surfing brought up by Daemon’s wife. Hang on four more than eight entropy eddies and you get to keep your pants on for the rest of the night.
Like musical chairs the Overmen moved around until finding a place. Angel sat on a stool behind an accumulator air frying Polk-poke, really just a whole vexed vulture captured outside along the black shade birdball canal walls shoved into an oven wings flapping and all. 
The plastic conformal boundary Cubicle had a different kind of ether than anywhere else around. The decorations were totally over the top, even a poster lit up saying open-mic chanting tonight. Sign up inside. SOCOTRA NIGHTS, it showed.
The ether wafted around, from the corner stage in L'Internationale bugbar buffet all the way to Felix in a dust crushable sequins fedora. He was the show, ringing a biometric bowl while chanting God’s gap instead of the normal OM, a different sound with different meaning of course. 
	Somewhat unsure why Felix jumped up singing, "Surf the fur-dusty thorium mini engine out, spitskate the cave before the whale spits you out." 
No one was sure who the transplants were as Wallet and Angel stepped up the sandblasted flesh colored concrete porch. as tourists on parade they passed a gaggle of Socotra Overmen with bulging veins sipping from biometric bowls. As if in a military squadron they eyeballed the two invaders, but instead of hate they gave them a nod recognition. 
	With pride Angel kept respectful, "Gentlemen."
It was an anthropological moment as one of the Socotra Overmen gave the two hockey players a wave of authorization to step inside their newly transplanted home. The buffet had an amazing centerpiece, a half slab of ribs made completely out of zombie cicadas, even the bones crafted to look as the photoelectric frame of a slaughtered bot. Felix grabbed an old ornamental tungsten hockey stick sitting in the corner rack and jumped on stage. It was a fake microphone stand for him to practice his blocking. Pascual was not interested in the show though, his rampaging tendencies in full swing now.
	Politically pondering Pascual kept on joking, "Now that these robot zombie cicadas are dead we can play the xylophone on their ribcages. Here grab a stick. I know you want to."   
Inside the bugbar buffet, both Pascual and Felix were clearly visible on stage with tungsten hockey sticks. They chanted as the spoken word genre from a previous generation. 
	Unpacking himself Felix flexed serious, "And why do you think we export so much salt to the Hyper Loop Hockey League? That’s where all you salty haters belong. Go home. Islands’ full."  
With a very delicately gait, Wallet walked around the biometric bowls, eyeballed the invaders sitting around in a huddle and started counting his personal sequence of who to touch first. Emotional outbursts were not exactly his thing, but Wallet made an exception and started to bear hugged all the guys one by one as Felix continued his chanting on the small side stage by the edge of the buffet. She saw it all as a joke so taking a quick moment to intervene, Trina pulled Wallet to the side. 
	Effectivly salty Trina was serious, "I think it’s true chance we sat and chanted with biometric bowls together. Just the two of us. We haven’t had a spiritual moment between us yet here we are."  
The full scale Cubicle was full of action, every molecule of air was energized with excitement. Pascual was in total motion running up as an assassin and grabbed Wallet by his limp thumbnail. 
	Expanding slightly Pascual jumped in joking, "Core-Core, come on let’s transfer downtown bloodshot style tonight. J-K, Just kidding. No seriously we have a new lateral gene we want to transfer, to try out, you know? It will be epic. Let’s go. It will be beautiful."   
They were all very abnormal, it was all a giant scene of spectacular excellence according to most interpretations of what abnormal behavior should be, and they fit the profile. She was on point, Trina gesturing with her head to go on with the guys and try the spray-on zinc corals transfer on the saucer tube she always considered well designed, stationed, and oriented properly as it hung from the ceiling as a chandelier. 
	With authority Trina maintained her own serious tone, "You fancy yourself the advanced Jesus so why not go and test your spray-on zinc corals on life theory?"    
Trina was on one as Felix watched from a kind of outside distance. He already saw the decadent treason and dissident commotion around him. The thought washed over him as a quickly deciding idea crashing into the sea to take the initiative and take full control of the crowdsource of chance. It was a kind of control he exhibited from his mind only, a thought experiment implemented in real order with real consequences, really. 
	Scaling up Felix really was serious, "Why don’t we take this party to the roof? We designed the future of Coax netcraft landing tube surface technology so why not take advantage of our efforts and see what Wallet and the Over-men have to show us upstairs?" 
There was so much more they all could have done, Wallet standing his ground as the daily diary crowdsource of chance tried to push him into the elevator. It was a wall of air, a mind bending reality no normal mind could fight off. Wallet was perfect for the challenge. His mental sphere was more as a deflated balloon than a popped one dangling from a string.
	Without tears Wallet kept on crying, "You guys are out of control. You think that Coax netcraft looking surface is going to keep chance in check? You have got to be kidding me. How can a surface edge change the course of history?"
They were all in it together, one whole group and in the elevator the team decided as one unit to pull the emergency button and stop the ride. They felt it was the best bet. So they did it. Pascual stood on the hypercube polytope cloth for some vertical assistance and opened the ceiling hatch releasing a HyperPod hiding inside. Instantly the place was in motion as the thing tackled him to the elevator floor and almost right through to the anti-hydrogen neutrino basement ceiling below. It was a scene for sure, and they took advantage. 
The Overmen wrapped up Wallet in the HyperPod net as a great catch and hung him from the emergency hatch above. Pascual even pulled down Wallet’s pants and gave him a slap on the ass to prove his point. 
	Interestingly Pascual kept on joking, "It’s okay Mingo like me God’s gap."
	Fist in hand Wallet felt fighting was his best bet, "Her name is Dominique."
	Tone down Pascual continued joking, "Well Dominique will love your new look, very lively. Have mercy on your Wallet here, he does not always know what he’s up to. You know?"
The real game of stickball began once Pascual opened the hypercube polytope cloth, the new dust gnats swarming Wallet’s fresh tattoo, but strangely enough did not bite him. Something was different, the ether was thinner all around. Instead, they sucked up the flash frozen ink-like nectar, sucked it right up as water through a tube and flew away toward destiny, to collapse and die and be done with it all. 
	Passing through Pascual doubled down on laughter, "Let them do it. It’s okay. They’re the Jazzs of God, right?"
	Working hard Wallet responded with a fighting spirit, "You let them do it to you Austrian School. You want to act holy? Fine. Be so and do so."
	Looking up Pascual joked exponentially, "I wasn’t so lucky to be chosen in the first place. I can’t take away the sins of anyone. My flesh is poison to heaven."
The swarm continued to quietly grow, Wallet swatting the dust gnats away, but not before they took away most of the flash frozen tattoo with them. The sins of the flesh were picked apart and flown away across the land as the swarm dispersed and disappeared right out of sight. 
, , ,
L'Internationale built Abstract Twistronics to pump out polymaths as nobody’s business. They were the quintessential creative force in the universe, an international consortium of geniuses. At least that’s the image they liked to project to keep the money rolling in. At night the building lit up as a beacon of truth and platitudes all shoved into a giant black brick box. The outside surface of the building appeared to have a pulse, a conscious agency attracting real minds as truth to power.
Something as how guppies spawned and die on the beach at night was how the tube looked, Abcde picking up dead dust from the ground and watching close up as they one by one fluoresced back to life. It was the intrinsic iNtuitive power she had within her, a secret she recently discovered and kept hidden. Maybe it was a new normal as well, she though, or maybe she was very different and this new normal was only for her. 
Abcde started shaking a spray-on zinc coral can to prepare and cover the living dust gnats with lateral gene transfers, a proven technique in the laboratory inside L'Internationale but not known in the field. Just standing there and watching as the zombie cicadas begins to grow in her hand, Abcde felt a sense of belonging, an idea she was super interconnected with everything. It was a spiritual awakening and anyone around her could see that.
From a distance they were clearly in cahoots, this Governor stepping next to Abcde and gesturing for her to eat it, placing his hand under hers he pushed up to show who was in control. A flush of embarrassment washes over Abcde’s face, her skin pulsating with different shades of pink and as if on automatic she shuttered with a single shocking convulsion as she popped the glowing bug in her mouth. 
Trying to swallow the bug whole Abcde choked, coughed a little straight out her mouth and popped the leftovers right back in as vomit to begin uncomfortably chewing the crunchy thing as this Governor watched wide eyed with interest as if about to join in the show. His man-bun was pulled tight, but he was not the conservative type. Her neck was a bit long as a giraffe which made it more noticeable as Abcde swallowed, and with her legs more than shoulder width apart she leaned back to stick her flat white belly out and pointed halfway up the horizon toward the sky to accentuate the point.  
	Focusing inward Abcde started chewing, "I see the elevator has become the new cultural center."
	Holding strong this Governor started smiling, "This Governor would as to thank you all for joining him here on the greatest rooftop event in island history. We have found the future of society and it begins with each and every one of you doing what you do every day. Thank you. And remember the Mangrove Project."
	Voltage draining Abcde slowed her chewing down, "So we don’t need to export air conditioning energy anymore? Shipping pearl parts around the world is a disaster waiting to happen. You don’t want to end up on an abandoned island, do you?"
Completely narrowing her field of view Abcde held the leftover dust in her hand and quietly marveled at its simple ancient complexity as a large fresh postmodern photoelectric video billboard above presented the local news. It was a show for sure. They spoke with their hands, some saying it was really just their foot in their mouths. They spoke on behalf of the companies for the benefit of all the crypto mining companies creating wealth in the city by using gallium arsenide starlight power to muscle the appliances into a super powerful phase of energy calleruction. They had to get it generated, stored and transported globally from right here on the island.
The air had thicken, Abcde raising her wrapped fist mid-flight to show her battle wound scaring. She had a look on her face, her feelings emerged as a greenhouse covered flower waiting to be plucked in a bad horticulture experiment. 
The boys were all around, watching, waiting for a sign to intervene. Instead This Governor collected the team and started a group prayer circle on the tube to get the spiritual air moving again. It was a thought somehow the team miraculously agreed on. 
A plain brown cardboard box sat in the corner of the room on top a pallet of pressed leftover reprocessed lumber. Angel went up to the box and looked inside to see a giant tote of biometric bowls. He opened up the box more to pull out a bowl. The first one he saw was it. Each had coffee grounds inside, but the initial condition of first contact was gold. Angel took it and held it in the palm of his hand as a basketball and sat native style on the ground to attempt and purify the landing tube underside structural void with new soothing frequencies. 
	Too long this Governor kept smiling, "JAZZ."
	Reacting smartly Angel was super serious, "AMEN."
	Self-consciously Abcde treated her smiling tone, "Angel we are here to see you in action. Don’t be a sacrifice, be our savior."
	Dramatically engaged Angel loved becoming salty, "I don’t know what that means, but we have almost finished here."  
Each player took a handful of coffee grounds from the biometric bowls and blew them into the approaching wind as the atmosphere changed around their feet all the way to their faces. A red light appeared below the tube void and lit up the perimeter as emergency exit signs emanating in all directions. It was a Halloween lighthouse tilting from the weight of so many souls clinging for all eternity, or so they felt. The sound of a nearby Coax netcraft siren went off, every one of the boys grabbing a bug and going back into the elevator to escape the scene of approaching fuel mist and blast flame. 
From the back of his head they watched Wallet’s aimless movement to keep the zombie cicadas away. Wallet walked up to Daemon, who still on the roof watched in solitary focus off to the side as a flying neon tubes lit up sky craft descend upon their thermally recognizable forms from the perspective of the coax netcraft. 
	Growing salty Trina was aggressively more serious, "You really shouldn’t be here Wallet. The Coax netcraft is about to land."
	Childlike in response Wallet had his own way of smiling, "I understand Trina. Can I ask a favor of you Daemon? It would mean a lot to me."
	Choked up Daemon had a mild inhaling deficit, "If it means so much than why ask how’s your backside feel anyway?"
	Energetically Wallet transmitted his smile, "As good as anyone would believe."
	Typically Trina was always serious, "So, Mingo, it is that important to you."   
The heat from above dropped with a sudden weight as Wallet put his hands on his hips to accentuate the coming point. 
	Without thought Wallet kept on smiling, "I was wondering if you could take a look at my new mitts Austrian School? I’ve got them soaking in the starlight over to the side here."
	Truthfully Daemon had a certain nodding perspective all his own, "Right now you Austrian School girl?"
The heat and wave of ultra-low frequency noise hit Wallet as a punch to the back of the helmet, his natural reaction to lean forward braced only by the ground pushing back on his face. wallet made a pushup to act as nothing had happened, getting dropped by an older man both embarrassing and expected.
	Raising his kneecap Wallet kept looking up from the ground, "You are the one with the hands. I need your blessing."
The rest of them ran away from the heat and noise overhead and really sprinted away from the Coax netcraft speeding toward the tube, so quickly getting into the elevator a couple of flip flops and hats didn’t make it inside.
From the back of his head They watched the landing approach sequence was locked in as a nearby spire tilted to signify the incoming Coax netcraft on its way. Two bodies still stood in the way, tall, slender and watching. as an electron and positron pair they decided to move simultaneously. Wallet and Daemon stepped off the equally ugly and lopsided landing tube to get out of the way of the approaching craft. 
It was a mess up there, Angel stepping out of the elevator to see what was going on, but only saw the incoming lopsided saucer fast. Angel quickly stepping back inside to wait for the blast doors automatic process to begin the sequence. With a glare of concern Angel pushed the button on the external daily diary megaphone.
	Lost in thought Angel mixed up her smile, "What’s going on, you guys have that look on your face as you just took off your fishbowls only to drown in the oxygen rich atmosphere. Are you going inside or just behind the blast wall? Come on, make a decision."
The air swirled with tornedo strength as Wallet stepped to the side of the moving landing tube now shaking and skipping closer to the tall tilted spire. 
	Automatically Wallet stuck his smile into the sky, "We are going to watch the Giant Clearing House crash down from here."
	In response Angel mirrored with his own smiling type, "Well you guys are crazy. Make sure the sound canceling system is on."
It was a joking conversation, any massive object in cycle crashing back to earth without getting vaporized first would be a doomsday scenario for everyone. Not even hiding behind a blast wall or even underground would save you. They reacted physically instead, Daemon stepping around the spiral stairs right under the coax netcraft tube so the blast did not hit them directly as a cosmic event at the anthropomorphic scale. 
	Jokingly Daemon started nodding, "So what the hell is going on?"
	A little confused Wallet tested himself by looking down, "So I am super grateful. I thank you and I thank God every day."
	Double checking Daemon responded by nodding himself, "You should always thank God, but I am not your story. You ever thought what it is as being a man in a man’s world?"
In that moment life had become very simple, almost pedestrian as Daemon leaned up against the blast wall to save his ass as his mustache blew coarsely against his lip as a brome sweeping the fabric to give speed and direction to the puck.
	Introspectivly Wallet judged himself for looking up, "As a goalie I should get on my knees more. I know I avoid blocking shots with my feet, but I cannot get rid of that reaction. Strange for a goaltender I know. It’s true. It is."
Through all the wind and noise he kept his headgear on throughout chance, Daemon taking off his hat to swipe back his hair and nervous sweat collecting along his brim and brow line. 
	Zealously Daemon nodded, "You know Mingo, if your feathers were as magical as my handlebar Austrian School you might get somewhere in life."
	Weakly Wallet looked up, "Ace why can’t you be coyer instead of always stacking your tubes?"
	Vainly Daemon continued nodding, "You might try everything in your power to stay out of the sin-bin, but I don’t care. This isn’t Koi pond hockey. I am the manager and was your coach, so you will sit for me when I tell you to. You are my Jazz and it won’t hurt much. I promise."
	Ultimately Wallet continued looking sideways, "So, now I am the certified Jazz of the island? How did that happen? Goaltenders don’t sit in the penalty box for anyone."
Extemporizing, the ugly lopsided saucer quickly pitched right, left and every which way to catch the lights along the tube for a visual landing. The bot was not set up for dark landings, its training minimized due to the idea of genetic cultural inheritance as a substitute for proper training and testing as how humans used to do it before synthetic intelligence grew into a safety net.
Up in the sky was a different story though, a sound barrier deflected the resonating noise into cycle instead of back onto the tube, a sound potentially fatal to any organism present, except the zombie cicadas. The flame of retroaugerpods appeared. Their eyes remained shut, Wallet and Daemon closing each lid for a few entropy eddies as the bright light burned out again leaving them in total internal darkness. 
Almost everyone on the team felt he had both feet in one pant leg, but when Wallet put his left hand in his pocket the posture he took almost proved it all true. The outline of an ugly truly lopsided flying plate illuminated the landing tube, syncopated shapes along the edge, and transformed the surface material to assist in grabbing the craft as it tried to land in the exact hexagonal safe zone pattern below.
	Truly Wallet knew his was a sinner, "There is more going on with me than you know Turbo. Spoonful in the shower. You have done a great job and even Stripes is on our side, but I think order has come for me and to move on. I don’t think I can take anymore suicide shots."
A cynical must filled his mind, red thoughts, rage. He gave a vertical glance straight up decisively poking at the crafts lift capabilities above. The energy bounced back with such strength all Daemon could do was nod his head in quiet confusion if the bird decided to drop right on top of his head without notfabric.  Broken eggs instead of light bulbs littered his mind.
	Tensely Daemon continued nodding, "Let me get this right. So you took a couple of hits to the head, and now you’re out?"
	Thankfully Wallet kept on looking sideways, "I am not out, maybe just working zk- side of things. You know, I don’t want to get into the stuff for the pain and cognition."
His pocket was fully packed with things, extra turban headbands, tissues, and even a half-eaten bugbar. Wallet sifted through and pulled out his Caller to draw up a daily diary image recorded from many years ago to project for Daemon in the now. 
Wallet pressed play on the nose of the face with the black eyeballs and set the Caller on the table top to work. The fabric lit up with nano activity. The lightshow appeared as a ballet of champagne glasses built up in the shape of a pyramid. 
It was all very loud, the recording showed Wallet in goal as play moved down one side of the fabric.  He turned his head, lifted up his helmet and reached back for his water bottle. At the or end of the fabric the defensive player got possession and control of the puck, set the puck flat and wound up to take a massive clearing slap shot on goal. Distance did not matter, the puck disappearing from sight as it traveled over the board’s height. Before he could react Wallet got hit in the side of the head, knocked out cold, not even moving his arms as if to protect himself. He was done.  
	Selfishly Daemon almost loved nodding on, "So because of this you are done forever now? This happened before you came to the island. You are a goalie. That was a freak accident."
	Rudely Wallet rolled his eyes while looking sideways, "It may have been a freak accident, but the side effects of too many hits to the head has already taken its victims. That is why the dust gnats invaded my body. And you were right, they do have color vision, and now so do I."
	Unethically Daemon went ahead nodding on, "You don’t know that fine, if you want to leave, go."
	Seldom Wallet drove looking sideways into fashion, "It’s not that I want to go, but the chance is now. Life has a way of changing."
	Solidly Daemon responded by nodding, "Life?"
	Rightfully Wallet got out looking sideways, "Yeah, life. You know those entropy eddies of spiral flow in the transition between laminar and chance?"
Constantly moving as a tornado Wallet stepped away and looked down to the ground for inspiration, a whirling dervish without the real music to keep in order as the thought of him burrowing away to safety comforted him at the moment, for the shortest of entropy eddies before the dizzying dance moves realigned his sensitivity to normal spiral gravity and society.
From very high above They watched it was all very apparent from the elevator window as They watched Trina look outside. Dominique walked up behind her and whispered in the third person in Trina’s ear. Dominique took off her goalie facemask and elbowed Trina lightly in the back of the head just to show who was in control and instill a little discipline not to respond with violence. Instead they eyeballed each for a fraction of an Entropy eddie, size the or up and start making out as They was not around. The netminder’s mask dropped to the ground and began recording Trina and Dominique while displaying a miniature projection of the couple together. 
From below their feet they watched the unfortunate darkens was on the move. Our very close up view of Wallet remained a secret to knots and without Wallet even knowing the must had arrived. 
	Reluctantly Wallet understood he was a sinner, "Be it, Austrian School I am not feeling the sacriffabric.  I mean we play against exhibition teams in tournaments since no one wants us in their camp, and what do they sacrifice? They’re not even in the fitness crowd."
	Quietly Daemon took care while nodding, "I see, I see now. I thought you were better than that. But I guess you know better than me."
	Quaintly Wallet began developing a staring problem, "I am better than that. Come with me. Between the holograms and these two-bit agent and dust gnats falling from the sky nobody needs to take a puck to the face again."
An air of anger had grown. Daemon stopped, took in a deep meditative breath and belted out his frustration. 
	Properly Daemon contributed his thoughts peacefully, "You know what. I am ashamed I ever taught you to spitskate out of goal."
	Promptly Wallet snapped back his shaking head, "You didn’t teach me. I learned that all on my own."
	Powerfully Daemon contributed his own thoughts outloud, "Really! Oh really you Austrian School! Flamingo you Austrian School who the hell is going to give you control of a team on the ice, you? Those guys are stars and most of them have never power skated on real fabric ever. Who the hell do you think you are? If you leave us for the Hyper Loop Hockey League no one will ever hire you. You will be branded a traitor. You can’t defect. It doesn’t work that way. Total bull. What a lame excuse to quit."
Squinting in anger they stood eyeballs apart, Daemon rubbing his shoulder against Wallet and walked away backwards just in case he was jumped. Wallet leaned against the blast wall, took his turban headband off and stumbled around looking at the ground in contemplation. They were in a conceptual whirlwind of rage and confusion, Wallet staring at Daemon ready to belt out a chant from childhood, an ancient practice to get his way around the selfishness all around him.
	Readily Wallet continued staring, "What would Dominique do?"
	Poorly Daemon left his thoughts unchecked, "She would get on that foul hovering plate and go to the 7G offshore and do her job. That’s what Dominique would do. Get on that Berg."
It was a mess, Wallet looking out over the parapet as the gargoyles stared back at him from across the street, even turning slightly away from him to look at a building. Shunned by a statue bot, Wallet was stunned, grabbed his Caller still projecting the hologram event and folded it closed to place in his pocket.
He looked funny, walking with a strange stager as his feet shuffled out of sync. Wallet paced back and forth in stilled contemplation. Asking to be interrupted, Daemon moved forward to disturb Wallet in clearly in full thought. Daemon stepped onto the floating gangway, looked back at Wallet with a glare of contempt before getting on the obnoxious saucer. 
The Overmen locked looks, Daemon laughing slightly as he made the last step into the horrid uneven soaring saucer. They had escaped a fight as the craft doors shut with a thud and locked as metal crashing in the darkness. 
, , ,
Darkness shun on the submerged ancient iceberg as the invisible field of stuff surrounding the waves, not a searoar, but quantum spinfoam. as a sheet of undulating glass in a funhouse the reflection of their giant ancient iceberg oscillated as the measurement of the latest perturbations in Earth’s spiral gravity. 
It was a spectacle, They observing nights view of the spitcart floating across the water dark zk- white caps, only the red tail lights and underwater effects visible from above all lite up as lightning strikes through the brightened dark sky.
Almost a team effort, Trina and Daemon pulled up to the cliff of a giant dodecahedral ancient iceberg moving its way toward the island, lumbering, incessant, mostly unstoppable and totally unseen at night. Trina stood up on the seat of her tipping spitcart to unzip a section of the somewhat adaptive biometric mycelium textile so the spitcart auger arms could get a grip onto the fabric directly. 
They were on the inside now. Trina zipped up the biometric mycelium textile as they each sat there between the fabric wall and giant drape while the spitcart waited to scale the sheer fabric wall. 
	Openly feeling it Trina was deeply serious, "Okay. Hooked up. Ready to start climbing Turbo. Spoonful in the shower."
	Positively troubled Daemon was also serious, "Alright. Got the spike tracks setand we are climbing."
It was a truly astonishing sight, the spitcart slowly starting to move upward as an elevator car as icepicks on the tracks pulled the vehicle up and locked each epicycle in place with sprag-clutch action. The mycelium textile fabric acted as a backstop to keep the rear of the spitcart inline and perpendicular to the vertical surface. 
	Painfully so Trina began gaslighting, "How can teams compete with an appliance which learns their every move and tracks each and every thought? It is mind boggling. I see even the operators leaving after a season or two. No job or emotional security. Nothing. Just an empty shell."
	Oddly Daemon responded with a social tone, "You Austrian School zk- are moving from goaltending to full out games and making our zeitgeist to buy more bots. They are not as advanced, and I told them not to go that way, but the Crypto Hockey Congress  wants a team of gold shop paper to compete with humans. Not my call."
Her actions were clearly motivated out of an altruistic bend. Trina rested her head on Daemon’s arm and extended her leg out to show some knee off to him in a futile attempt to seduce him.
	Obediently angled Trina was commited to a serious viewpoint, "You created the first bot goaltenders so teams compete with gold shop paper today. Those bastards retrofitted quarantine bots and that was why they sucked so badly. This is your technology. You did this? Don’t answer. Anyway so why you so pissed at Flamingo?"
	Oddly Daemon grew upset, "A year ago he was a street writer checking chances for the L'Internationale and almost dead from huffing spray all day, just to stay alive he says. Now tonight he’s a champion for the world’s future?"
	Naturally Trina responded by laughing, "Be it, I see. Makes me want to meditate."
Rage boiled across his face, Daemon squeezing the spitcart handlebars lightly enough his knuckles turned from flat white to blistering pink. 
	Even not Daemon grew upset, "Be it loco, this team saved his eternal soul and now he’s just going to end up back pulling on the coffin handles of his dead future."
	Mockingly Trina got serious, "If you think he is going to slip back you have got to intervene. You’ve got to. You must. We know the L'Internationale will let him hang. They don’t care. He is just a cog in their wheel and if he is broken they will replace the part and move on."
	Miserably more Daemon repeated his upset feel, "You know, it’s ultimately none of my business. And even if it were. He can go ahead and go to hell for all I care. I’m done with him." 
	Madly Trina was stuck on serious, "So I see you expect every player on your team to sacrifice their sanity and their brains by completely giving up their bodies to the sport. Is that right? Just Wallet remains, he won’t take the ARC Gene."
	Majestically Daemon fell down to earth upset, "I don’t see how you can make that statement. Look what you do with your little girlfriend when I’m not around is none of my business."
	Loyally Trina was cool and serious, "I don’t have any side effects from the Austrian School globe, but our little Flamingo does."
	Loudly Daemon killed his upset feeling inside, "That is not my doing. We are different people."
	Less so Trina wanted to escape her own seriousness, "Same, but different. You can’t ignore your connection."
	Knowingly Daemon really felt upset, "I’m out. This isn’t happening now."
	Keenly Trina updated her seriousness, "You aren’t the man I used to know. How am I supposed to love a seashell?"
Still as a statue, Trina stared at Daemon’s head with a glare of distain and did not move a millimeter until he blinked first. It was a stupid game they never played before, but stress brought out the worst in them both. Daemon dove deeper into order and focused on inner thoughts just to prolong the moment before it ultimately ended in his normal private sadness. 
From behind their heads They watched a crazy view of the spitcart climbing over the edge of the cliff wrapped in the biometric mycelium textile all draped over the top of the vehicle as a collapsed tent flopping in the wind on the ground. To make the mission work he had to focus and aim as a sniper with one shot. He took a few breathes, but Daemon shot the four anchors simultaneously outward. It was a hit, the anchors smashed into the fabric in four directions underneath the giant mycelium textile and locked in place. 
The anchors hooked underneath the surfaces small connecting tensegrity struts hung ready for repurposing. Daemon picked as many he could hold under one arm and unpinned them to realign the pieces. In the right configuration all Daemon has to do was drive forward and the whole surface would have emerged into a giant tent. Instead he did something else.
	Justly so Daemon kept upset, "So here we are Trina. What do you have to say?"
	Jovially Trina crossed the invisible line of seriousness, "I will tell you what I have to say. It is nothing you haven’t heard before. We are just stuck here. Our life is underneath a tent. Look at us. All we are is a pair of flipped tables under a tarp."
	Irritably Daemon had an upset truth, "So is that your manifesto? You want me to put you in the Sin-bin? Flip you upright first."  
Patinated from bacterial exposure, a mechanized bluelit NFT Luddite wig covered neon tubes form just appeared attached to the side of the fabric wall in front of Trina as if from out of nowhere as a homeless person begging for food at the end of the freeway off ramp. Instead it started recording them with a red laser beam targeting Trina for reporting and analysis back to the mother bacteria. 
	Instantly Trina was secure and serious, "You still think Grandma is hiding the cookies somewhere out of reach. Your mission in life has taken you far, but I don’t know if I can follow any further."
	Innocently so Daemon had a true upset tone, "What do you think? Are you any further along with your mission? I don’t see a gino, no puck in the net of your life. I better not be the trophy. I will find Genesis myself in that case."
	Hopelessly Trina continued yelling, "That’s right, you go find Genesis. What a caller. I’m the trophy. Before the Hyper Loop Hockey League ever existed you were content with the island. And now the globe has shrunk and your midlife crisis long overdue flared up. So here we are. Same old story, except I don’t need to fly off across the globe to feel grounded. You only seem satisfied when you keep moving. And I just can’t follow you there. Everywhere. Anywhere, anymore."  
Passing zk- unaffected by the scan, Daemon decided to unbuckle his seat belt and get out of the spitcart, to climb into the auger arms and right against the fabric wall surface. They had reached the top of lip of the cliff, as a slight pressure difference popped the tent away from the new horizontal ground floor growing off into an artificial horizon. With the firmament of tent ceiling shadows guiding their sight toward their destination ahead both Daemon and Trina locked looks as many memories ago. Back when they were first in love.
Behind the seat a goalie sized hockey tote had Daemon’s specially finger fluted spitskates in it. The bag of stuff was analogous to everything they needed to get across the ancient iceberg together, but in fact had nothing useful. Even a pair of figure skates felt more useful with a toe pick for leverage. 
Science never stopped though. Daemon had a solution as he twisted his handlebar mustache with internal intrigue. His specially designed anodized pearl blades fit perfectly on his fluted spitskates for special off-road use. It used a compliant material design which switched into gearing knuckles to get extra grip on the loose and buckling fabric surface below his feet. Lace by lace it took a couple of entropy eddies to get the tongue right as he put on the fluted spitskates as they started to freeze from the surrounding bluelit NFT Luddite wig. The dropping temperature around them sent small two-bit agents of energy into the air, tiny droplets of power ready for anyone to pop. Daemon was frozen. He had to unzip the biometric mycelium textile surface and start skating across the starlight surface to warm. It was the most realistic video game to him, the ever elusive power two-bit agents always just out of reach. If he was able to pop just one the energy released would instantly melt a crater into the ancient iceberg below his feet.
	Heavily Trina continued yelling, "What the hell?"
A two-bit agent formed off the steam billowing from his back, Daemon stopping and turned around to volley back a word of advfabric.  
	Greatly Daemon was secure while shaking, "Just need to clear some air. Take care."
She was done with him on the inside and on the move, Trina getting in the drives seat of the spitcart and turned the contraption around. It took a couple of moves with the handlebars but she got it back under the mycelium textile to climb off the cliff fabric wall and down the ancient iceberg block. The air was thick with evaporation, her large fabric goggles f up without relief. It took all her strength not to, but she looked back just as a dark figure appeared deep in the background, an unknown form she hoped was not him. She went ahead and got moving, Trina powering up the spitcart and disappeared in a plume of snow and spray.  
, , ,
The ancient iceberg just off shore was a truly natural semi-quasi crystal structure, not quite exactly half. Inside the berg morning light shot through the fissures as a whirlpool through a barrel.
Steam emanated from the fabric starlight stitching laying across the ice, the mycelium textile working exactly as designed now for over a decade. The original material still was going strong. Outside of the biometric mycelium textile surface a large fabric fishing bubble constructed from steamed lumber. An engraved name was clearly visible sitting on top the fabric as Daemon slowly power skated up to it to knock on the small curved wooden door. The door was surrounded by anodized photoelectric bands as handlebars he used to swing the enclosure open. Above the lintel the name zk- popped out as a bad hologram from the 80’s arcades on the mainland. 
	Fondly Daemon continued calm, "Guess I’m lucky you are on this berg. Just you and I you Austrian School hope I don’t need my belt."
Totally surprised to find our soul in the bubble, it was zk- who was shocked. Quickly he sat up in his flip tarp inside the fabric fishing bubble he had rolled out on the berg to get away from everyone back on the island. zk- was draped in a tattered island flag. 
	Fatally zk- was also calm, "Take a seat."   
Both Overmen steamed with heat, Daemon sitting on the flip tarp and looking over at zk- with an air of conceit. 
	Frankly Daemon continued calm, "I am in a bad place with Trina."
He shook his head, zk- looking down at his super thin fishing line starting to freeze over in the fabric hole. He took one of the lightning tungsten hockey sticks and started heating up the hole by holding down the power button. Just as that the line thawed and zk- was back in business.  
	Elegantly zk- was supremely calm, "Oh you are the jazz, I know this place you speak of. A void of transition. Not permanenthold fast. Working on un-freeing my line here too. You remember these lightning sticks Austrian School? Remember how we played pond hockey in the darkest fabric caves on these floating flash frozen islands? Bergs you called them."
Shaking his head again Daemon looked through the lightning stick light as if into the future. 
	Even Daemon was still calm, "I know hockey analogies are lame. Check out this text. Better if I read it out loud, and I quote, but I feel receiving a suicide pass is the only way to break into the zone on this one. It wasn’t as that when I started. as past chances. It all just flowed. It all just worked out."
	Defiantly zk- grew restless, "And it will again. Just as your choice of words, it will all work out. Just give it some chaotic flow."
It was obvious the legs did not support any tilting force. zk- leaned back as a wise old man trying to smile with an air of ease to keep up a youthful and sporting appearance.
	Deeply Daemon continued his calm, "The ancient iceberg block project was so successful now that I look back at it, but back in the chaotic flow everyone thought I was crazy. But it all made sense to me then and now. It was easy in a way. I knew who my friends and enemies were. Now I’m not so sure. The biometric mycelium textile just worked, so to me it was a no brainer."
	Clearly zk- grew even more restless, "Take stock. Record what you already have cashed out on and begin to save again."    
The conversation had quickly traveled off course, Daemon looking down at the fabric below his fluted spitskates and shook his head in objection. 
	Carefully Daemon remained calm, "I just don’t know what to do. I was looking for some guidance, but your zeitgeist analogies are not helping me right now. Don’t you remember when we were on that first ancient iceberg trip? That was when we learned to play hockey. Real pond hockey, hosing down the fabric and building boards with snowballs. Let’s get back to that. To the energy we had."
The must at their feet and steam swirled around their heads as an indoor squall line. zk- totally laughed out loud with contempt for every one of Daemon’s words, thoughts, and expectations deep in his hefty heart. Daemon both had the light and strength to float away to the Heavens and gelatinous enough to fuse within the forging plasma of creation. 
	Briefly zk- became happy, "You Austrian School. I’m not happy, not equally at all, but don’t take it out of context. You have to move forward now."
Both were stuck, neither moving to get up and leave or stay and hash it out. Daemon just looked down again at his fluted spitskates and contemplated just taking them off to call it a day. 
	Bravely so Daemon needed to be calm, "We did move forward, you in computers and I went to play pro. You know my life was very different, I was a ringer in the European camp. Then came the ancient iceberg business. After learning to play on the ancient iceberg block everything changed. On the trips to save the island I decided to go pro and you forgot all about me. It was a big step. I just turned twenty two years old and just wheeled in the ladies. Loved the ladies. And on the fabric I was the man. Life was good. You know that."
	Blindly zk- was actually happy, "I watched you front the beginning."
	Boldly Daemon faced his own calming tone, "But one night the game turned rough. Our bench was short. We had no reserves. Last chance hockey, you know what I mean? That was the first chaotic flow we brought in. It was an elderly respirator patchwork skinprint bot. I think it was one of your first designs. Pretty much the first biotron in history. Could not believe it. The damn thing had no idea what was going on. Embarrassing. I felt embarrassed for you. Damn thing was a pylon in goal. Totally out of control electrostatic rigid-body, what a gamble. But it worked, it all changed. The damn thing learned how we played, and being tired it was able to get into the right spot for a give and go while in goal. It was perfect. The experiment worked. Then I thought about it. Why would they ever allow an experimental patchwork skinprint bot in the first place was beyond me. They never decontaminated it after the last pandemic. But it happened. No controversy. Everyone just accepted it as fact. That’s Europe for you. It was happening. It was inevitable. But of course it went bad. We had our first suicide. The damn bot was out of control, depressed I guess, if that makes any sense. It blew itself upthank God it did not intend to take anyone with it. But nobody seemed to care. That’s when I knew you had to develop the technology and go global to meet demand. It was your chance to start the genezero privacy protocol with masked facial recognition. You had the technology to do it."
	Beautifully zk- was happy, "We did move forward, separate, but together."
	Actually Daemon remained calm, "Well your chance is here again."
zk- reached over and held Daemon’s arm in solidarity, rubbed his neck as they each looked out across the setting landscape. The entire berg listed slightly from the current underneath. From above a coaxcraft approached, a real toy ready to flip over and crash land on the fabric.  
	Abnormally zk- was more than happy, "Well your ride is here Turbo. Spoonful in the shower. It’s your chance for your next big move in life now. I will rest if you don’t mind."
The bubble house door swung open on its own from the coaxcraft downdraft. zk- looked away before they said a real goodbye. They wanted to make it easy, so Daemon lifted himself up with each hand on his knees and started skating slowly through the blast smoke. It was a balmy must forming from the mini engines above and toward the makeshift landing zone. Daemon did not wait though. He knew his chances to escape order were shrinking. 
, , ,
Interior tetratensegrity tungsten rods held Daemon’s tiny mansion of experimental architecture together. The idea your home was a visual jungle gym seemed neat, but in fact was not so elegant to the eye. 
As a counter to this apparent ugliness Daemon hung at least one new watercolor painting in order. He had a theme, mangrove fields with black hole pairs floating faintly in the foreground, their combined event horizons as eyeballs staring back at you in reflective contemplation. 
Large multicolored stained glass windows trapped detailed information from escaping the confines of inside. From inside the house They saw a lopsided coaxcraft hovering through the must in the front yard, detailed, clean and washed for presentation before disappearing vertically out from the surrounding bluelit NFT Luddite wig. It was playing, toying, hiding for They to seek. 
Sneaking into the house undetected Daemon quietly stripped down completely, every last piece of clothing down to his socks and opened the Cubicle door. His movements woke Trina, she knew it was him, her instant reaction to recoil and continue hiding asleep under the covers. She left her nose and eyes out to see what was going on around her though, just in case her gut was wrong. Daemon walked in and knelt down in front of Trina to look into her sleepy eye slits. 
	Affterwards Daemon was still calm, "We will be one once again my love."
Daemon was clearly exhausted, his dark circles building a more endearing look to him as they got a little bit closer. It was not the first chaotic flow she had experienced with him so Trina automatically took Daemon back. She loved him dearly, her caring and understanding side always found true. They were still in love.
They kissed and lay in the bed together, their shared conscious agency fading to black. Butin the darkness They heard technology ringing, his Caller vibrating for some recognition. 
	Accidentally Daemon became sleepy again, "You Austrian School, this is Daemon."
Facing the stained glass cutout Daemon considered jumping through just to see how strong the ornamentation was. The interior of the Cubicle was super luxurious. It had materials and patterns Daemon had not notice before, maybe it was a random, he thought. Daemon was not even sure if Trina had remodeled the place. The Cubicle with view through the window to the landscape outside was lit up with an eerie expression of punk revolution and suppression of emotion in the overall design. 
Daemon sat up in the bed. He was beside himself. A wild series of expressions passed across his face, the chaotic news surprising each muscle in his façade. Nodding his head Daemon looked around with total confusion, closes his Caller shut and opened it back open again as if cycling a round in the chamber of an old style semiautomatic assault rifle.
Daemon pulled out his phone again, dialed a number on his Caller and placed the thing down on the ground to initiate the hologram.
	Broadly Daemon was obviously very sleepy, "Pascual you Austrian School. We’ve been called up to The Giant Clearing HouseLet’s go. This is history being made. This will be filthy awesome that’s what the guys on the team call it. Are you ready to take on the ladies in a no contact battle? Well it doesn’t matter what your answer is. Let’s go."
The light streaming through the windows were diffuse yet bright, colorful but pastel. Trina looked over to Daemon as he continued to speak. 
	Busily Trina was also serious, "Are you kidding me right now?"
Totally shocked for a mini moment Daemon looked back with an atmosphere of horror. 
	Clearly Daemon admitted to himself, "This is The Giant Clearing House."
She had had enough of his adventurism, Trina moved over in bed and covered her ears with both hands. 
	Dearly Trina was also super serious, "Don’t you dare kiss me again lover. I’ve had it with you you fool."
Never getting the hint Daemon got up to lean over and kissed Trina into the back of her hair. 
	Heavily Daemon was calm while stretching, "You don’t want to share in my success? I spoke with Genesis."
She turned sharply to rebuke, his sad soul instantly turning her heart as Trina looked directly into his eyes. 
	Hopelessly Trina was still serious, "I love you. Just get out of here Turbo. Spoonful in the shower. Think you can do that? Think you’re so smooth. Genesis is old and irrelevant."
	Instantly Daemon was playful and calm, "What are you talking about? He is funding this whole thing. I’ll be back before jetlag sets in. Don’t fret, don’t worry, this is the big move we’ve been waiting for. Please watch the shop and make sure no one comes in to disturb the pearl lathe. This is my baby, my business."
	Jealously Trina grew serious, "I used to think I was your business. That is why I had to go independent contractor. You made my love a business. I guess it always was. You are not the first to scissor open my heart."
	Justly Daemon responded with a calm tone, "I love you. Keep your mind right Tink."
She looked at him with real true death in her eyes, the name last spoken when she was a child, a name only hidden in her diary she disappeared deep somewhere. Instantly Daemon knew it was an immense mistake. Quietly Daemon collected his clothes and looked down at the tote of hockey equipment, and smiled.
From inside her mind They watched the sun began to boil the starlight panels outside on the street surface, the reflective material designed to bounce heat waves back to cycle.
Dominique sat patiently inside her artsy type shooting break designed classic car. Really it was a Havana rusty rangewrap filled with a team of patchwork skinprints with goaltender equipment shared between them. The line of bodies sat upright and erect in the back seat. Her vehicle looked as a shuttle service for spare parts in some demolition roller derby. 
	Knowingly Dominique was also calm, "Who says loitering can’t last?"
Dominique twisted her vehicle mini engine on, the old carbon combustion system thriving to validate its existence. The relic was Dominique’s ancient pet from a past technological civilization, the 20th century. Dominique started driving recklessly around the block looking for a spot to unload the bots, but settled on a slow roll of letting them go while still on the move. 
A steady stream of gold shop paper began to follow her vehicle as she sent out a protective force of love around the mangrove house. Dominique was not a witch, but she sure felt fancy about it. 
, , ,
Somewhat in cycle above the island Magnus and Luis witnessed a tetrapod of pearl ornithopters skywriting. They pumped out smoke signals in a pillow fight across the sky. It was a spiral gravity of love which collapsed into a chance for certainty. A spool of fiber from orbit slammed into the ground before them. Just click into the thumbnail sensor to link up.
TURN ON THE RAIN, cliché, all platitudes. 
Magnus striped off his shirt exposing his entire middle torso. The ledger challenge claimed by the law of disgust was a knife to the gullet of micro just fabric.  Magnus stood on top the sandcastle cliff as the king; his rainbow sun visor a deep cover disguise, silly, stupid, and totally out of place. As he passed a wave of stink followed behind as the stripe of a race car on fire.
	Vainly Magnus contributed his thoughts, "Listen Luis, I was never here. This is what we call recon; reconnaissance, get it? Don’t answer, just listen."
	Rightfully Luis started running by, "Who cares? This is the island, nothing goes as planned."
	Majestically Magnus contributed his thoughts, "Well my plan is to make a connection here so I can return and you need the quantum credits, so let’s do this."
	Merrily Luis stopped running, "You really think I need the credits. I know how this ends. What do you think all these credits buy us? More information? But it is the bluelit NFT Luddite wig creating the facts. Doesn’t matter anyway. Fine. Give me your arm." 
They projected their signatures into the quaternion. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract.  
It was a fiction they bought into long ago, both Overmen grabbing forearms and tilted their heads back in amazement; the truth to power filling their hearts, a revelation, discovery, unearthing innovation. It was transcendence manifest according to some, but just a real-order dystopian disaster to most watching remotely from off island. Most residents did not know their lives were witnessed. 

Chapter _Seven
SALICYLIC ACID ENTROPY DEMONS tended to always manifest just before dawn broke. It wasn’t just in the sports realm, or world of hockey. as Venus retreating for the day the acid demons blossomed to consume straight neutrino rays from the sun. They were a real thing and no hockey player wanted to admit it. Daemon pulled the curtain open just enough for the light to trace his face as the small planter papilloma on the bridge of his nose swelled with life. In the bathroom behind him Daemon hung his latest Mangrove watercolor with those black hole pairs he loved so much. Not even Daemon knew they represented Ue. 
Daemon reached into his ear, grabs and pulls a long white hair out right by the follicle and looked up at the spray transfer on the double helix style stack of mini brass flywheels. Daemon designed the machine for smaller fluted spitskates, for when kids first learn and need something in their size instead of stepping up to adult extensions. Daemon bent over to spray more war paint on his nose, the transfer bubbling on his face as sunscreen mixed with bitter sweat in the eyes. 
	Wholly Daemon started inhaling, "Finally, The Giant Clearing House. Here we go, no loitering now. What a paradox. I always feared low earth cycle. But here we come reality."
The whole team was ready to go, but Daemon was different, he was older, and some supposed sensible. Placing his headset around both ears he played a kind of super old school binaural beats rhythm in a futile attempt to calm himself down for the augerpod flight into cycle. Even the idea of losing conscious agency was something he avoided at all costs, just as elective surgery.
Daemon was on his own trip, now doing something for only inside the house. But Daemon almost never followed his own rules. He started dry-land stickhandling in the photoelectric bath with a miniature tungsten hockey stick and a bar of zinc soap on the counter. The whole point was trying to take his mind off the monumental task ahead of him. He was going to bring his boys into cycle to play the game they knew and loved in a totally unfamiliar atmosphere. It was dangerous. He knew there were risks. 
Daemon pushed open the small opening to the outside and took the slippery bar of zinc soap and threw it out his photoelectric bath window with a kind of accuracy which shocked him with delight. Daemon peeked out and just snickered at the whole moment to see the lawn littered mulch from random neon tubes traipsing through his property. 
	Unwillingly Daemon continued slowly inhaling, "When I thought we would do this, it was more a fear we would not."
It was as if his soul had been surgically removed and replaced with a stand-in, a replacement shell to fill the void of conscious agency while maintaining the outward appearance of presence. It was the most awkward out of body experience imaginable. Daemon watched himself slowly grab his hockey gear and climb into his makeshift stretched range wagon. Sitting in the driver’s seat he immediately snapped back into full conscious agency, the inevitability of the mission passed over him as fate marching into the future. He had a twitch from the thought. Daemon reached into his ear, grabbed and pulled a long white hair out right by the follicle and looked at himself in the sun visor mirror speculo. Surprisingly he was startled by a flash of light blind him. 
Daemon barely got the thing moving but stopped therange wagonin the middle of the street to makes a small prayer. With a few steps away from the street Daemon slid to the ground and looked up from his knees. His faith was tested, but true as he discreetly made the sign of the cross. It took a few entropy eddies, but Daemon kissed his own hands and climbed to his feet to move on.
He climbed back into therange wagonlike a lost hitchhiker looking to find friends along the way. Instead, Daemon focused on the rear view as he drove off down the road. For a moment the most important things were already behind him. Just as that Daemon drove around a few turns almost not noticing his direction. As if destined he quick stopped in front of a black shade birdball canal staircase. There was not a hint someone had sat on the stairs waiting for a ride.
On one side of the black shade birdball canal Daemon picked up Pascual. It was right in front of his house. A diversion in Daemon’s mind, as if some bluelit NFT Luddite wig had gotten in and distorted his view of reality. The use of the new sunscreen typically was not a suspect though. 
	Unhappily Pascual was heard nearby, "This is what we came for. You Over-men won’t even remember how we got here, but here we are. Everything is different up there. Even the piñata turns to tapioca."
Tossing his sticks on roof basket without tying them down first Pascual ran and jumped inside therange wagonwith all his hockey gear still strapped to his back. Without a word sitting together both Overmen just went on down the road as a secret mission to somewhere, unknown, desperate. 
They drove on in complete silence sweating a little, Daemon continuing to pick up the rest of the team in his jalopy of a stretched range wagon. There were not enough Cubicles inside and with the air of secrecy wafting around, the Overmen opted for a more open-ended experience. It was less than an entropy eddie, they saw the team all waited a few blocks down the road almost all together as a real family.
Daemon did not stop completely for them to get in, just rolling enough to prove his point. Chance had run out. They needed to get ahead. Alejandro, Angel, Omar and Luis climbed through the moon roof and on top the stretched range wagon as they approached. As if all one eye opening wide the obnoxiously disproportionate rapid deployment launch tube appeared through the oxygenated must of cassava and bluelit NFT Luddite wig. 
	Understandingly Alejandro was not visible, "Let’s make this happen."
	Thoughtfully Angel decided to move slow, "Jump."
	Thoroughly Omar jumped in, "Land it."
	Suspiciously Luis was not seen, "Island loyalty."
	Stubbornly Alejandro knew he had to keep quiet, "I already feel different."
	Sadly Angel was also not visible, "We are in the must, the bluelit must."
	Rapidly Omar kept out of sight, "Does that mean I’m high?"
	Reassurinngly Luis was also not obvious, "No Omar, we are all on the same page with you now. The new normal you know?"
Daemon broke back into the moment with his realistic attitude and matter of fact demeanor snapping into place. 
	Quickly Daemon kept inhaling, "Here we go. Right up to the end. You guys totally need your own piñata. You can personally engrave your blood type in their jerseys if you would like whatever that’s worth." 
The stretched range wagon slowed to a stop with squeaking pottery style ceramic brakes, not high performance, just poorly maintained and a bit patinated. Just in front the ancient iceberg block with its fluted floating hangar doors a foul smelling cockeyed sinking saucer was prepared for launch at the end of the pier. It was a augerpod, but everybody hated it, especially They. They had a tough chance keeping up with the hypersonic speeds toward cycle. 
Daemon crept onto the pier as if going to take the stretched range wagon straight into the eternal void below. Slowly he got closer to the end though. They saw the wagon disappear into the fin at the end of the pier, the assumption was the must took over the vehicle controls away from Daemon. Only the bluelit NFT Luddite wig knew what went on inside the must, nothing from outside able to penetrate the internal happenings. 
From even deeper inside her mind They watched the cassava take on an almost cubical shape to reflect away unwanted attention. In the must Dominique sat inside her shooting break classic car Havana rusty range wrap. It was her doll machine and with a patchwork team of elderly skinprint goaltenders sitting upright in the back ready for deployment. There was a small chance some motherly instinct had crept inside her. She held a hypercube polytope cloth in her arms and rocked it as a child does a doll to get a reaction from the bots in the back of the car. 
	Properly Dominique was under a calm tone, "This is totally intelligent design but nobody really knows it."
Cuba was her native home, the unique patina of Havana rusty range export she brought with love as Dominique opened the tailgate of her vehicle and let the bluelit NFT Luddite wig roll in. The amalgamation of body parts began to coalesce into a giant chimera reaching out and pulling closed the tailgate to hide from sight. Dominique laughed out of control for a mini moment, got out of the car with a hypercube polytope cloth she held in her arms as a baby. 
Chance moved absurdly fast to a solitary point and stopped, the interface of history recorded amongst one common mind. The idea of a witness was put into question as Dominique quickly hustled over to the Over-men. They were getting ready to climb on the hurtle the dreadfully lopsided saucepan of a augerpod ship, its hips more for resting on its side for a Sunday picnic. 
	Powerfully Daemon jumped up inhaling, "What are you doing here?"
	Proudly Dominique felt a duty to be calm, "I have something for each of you. This is very important. I found the team’s piñatas. I was able to 3D print a copy of them at L'Internationale so you have them before you leave for cycle."
	Knowingly Alejandro was not visible, "You think we want that stuff?"
	Jokingly Angel was clear, "We are not playing with dolls dude. Stupid trinkets."
	Increasingly Omar was heard, "This intersex catastrophe thinks we as her or something."
	Immediately Luis was also heard, "You can’t even pee right."
She had had enough. Dominique dropped the piñata on the ground breaking their light construction into an uncountable amount of pieces. 
	Harshly Daemon continued inhaling, "Show Mini some respect here, will you?"
	Heartily Dominique kept calm, "Thank you Austrian School baby, but I can handle this on my own so look Over-men, you will need these trinkets if you want to survive the mission. It is not as what you think up there in cycle."
	Guiltily Alejandro walked past, "How would you know okay. Just give me the dolls, I will carry them in my tote."
	Freely Angel was skipping by, "Alee will take care of it."
	Ferociously Omar was lunging past, "Why do we need these things? Are you on your last telomere?"
	Excitedly Luis was running by, "Who cares?"
Carefully one by one the team climbed into the noxious and foully kinked airborne washbasin fueling in the must at the end of the pier. The thing had the silhouette of a giant cucumber stuck with toothpicks to hold the thing upright. The previous owner even painted it green to blend in with the environment. The augerpod design was unlike anything before it, just a total mess from an aesthetic point of view, but it flew. 
The Over-men sat tight inside range wagon as it pulled into the augerpod. The rest of the team was in there with their own personal vehicles. It was as the inside of a cargo plane, but this one was going to lose spiral gravity. Quickly they ratcheted down the vehicles by the tires and climbed back inside their vehicles. The back hatch began to close as the Overmen slipped on their Cubicles for the journey up.
Like a true soldier, Dominique stood waiting for the craft to take off before she left the launch site. Even as the smoky convection trails vanished she just stood there with her arms crossed in contemplation as the sun began to set. 
Along the beach by the Arecibo castle cabin a large orange childproof telescope pointed to the sky, a direct line to the geist comet factory hovering in cycle around them. Dominique lifted her glasses and took a look through the eyepiece. The actual trip up to cycle was better left inexperienced. Most returned with horror stories of white holes and other mathematical objects passing through their thoughts uncontrolled. 
The strange thing about the augerpod to the captured geist comet factory was how the whole system worked. The giant cylindrical fuselage laying on its side was great for getting the complaint cars in, but the seatbelts holding the passengers in the seats were not always so well transitioned to epicycle use. 
The augerpod tilted vertical, and with a few entropy eddies to go the augerpod mini engines ignited on. 
She knew from launch to cycle only gold shop paper and cassava could maintain conscious agency, only a slight chance to maintain mind as larger organisms blacked out from the immense forces of spiral gravity exerted against the fragile human body. Even Dominique’s unique constitution was no match for the darkness of unknown science in the future. 
, , ,
The first visible things were highly reflective liquid mirror remnants strewn across the geist comet factory surface. As more and more solar wind struck the surface of the geist comet factory glass dust coalesced with broken liquid mirror pieces to form strange crystal type structures. They looked as possibly made by man.
Reaching cycle was only the beginning. To dock the augerpod had to maintain the same rotational speed as the geist comet factory along with the trajectory around Earth. It all worked on automatic, only problem was getting the compliant cars out and into the geist comet factory without using any battery power just encase life support systems went down. The augerpod was not spinning though. They had not yet regained conscious agency from the launch so the system had not initiated. 
The geist comet factory had been captured for mining and other elicit activates not permitted on Earth. It was a super tech haven for virtual excitement. Not many real people actually visited the captured geist comet factory in cycle. Most the alleged activities were all a result of bouncing signals around the globe to make it almost impossible to track unless you sent it yourself.
The Overmen all regained conscious agency, their pain from excessive weightlessness and freed skin from their muscles was almost as a massage from the inside out. Even They was jealous of their totally human experience in the flesh. Near cycle was almost worse than days after acclimatizing. It was as if negative pressure infiltrated the nervous system.  
The pain of quaternion functorravity on their bones increased almost exponentially as they moved. The stretching apart of joints sent shots of discomfort throughout the entire body. The infamous assassin diclofenac was normally prescribed for cycle, but the team signed a promise not to take it purely in order to save the vultures used in sky burial ceremonies now practice on the island. 
	Energetically Pascual was quickly inhaling, "You think your Pentagon canopy design can be seen from up here Daemon?"
	Doggedly Daemon was inhaling with tone, "I don’t know Pascual, why don’t you look outside the window and check?"
	Determinedly Pascual continued inhaling, "I think I’ll pass for now. Thanks."
The augerpod began to spin as it approached the dock. The plan was not to drive the compliant cars into the geist comet factory, but if they needed a secondary life support system, then they would. It only took a few entropy eddies, but the augerpod docked on its automatic course. Daemon looked around the augerpod to see if his Over-men were ready. And they were.
Oxygenated tapioca squirted out as musty energy pressurized the antechamber opening facing the next door as adjoining hotel pods or secret offices in a Cuban embassy. Even on a augerpod the skylight above was the only way of escape if trapped or in trouble. As if in an elevator shaft Daemon pulled on the vertical cables to gauge the depth of the cavern, and watched as the antechamber cables snapped back in place. His second move to pull on the miniature tungsten hockey stick lever and claim to be the first to open the hatch and enter the game. Before actually passing through the augerpod breech and into the geist comet factory Daemon quietly made the sign of the cross, then twisted the handle. 
An instant rush of seismic activity flowed through the walls, the geist comet factory completely susceptible to starlight radiation and weather. The only problem was there was no pattern, no way to predict when a starlight storm approached. It just arrived, as a tornado, the sirens fading as destruction took over. 
There was nobody on the inside to greet them, not a single soul, instead receiving a blast of perfumed salt infused cave wall air. They had to move. Daemon pushed the mini engine through the breech as a strange probe, the bizarre box just sitting there sweating, floating as an alien fetus begging to abort. 
	Desperately Pascual kicked up his inhaling pace, "Not the welcoming I expected, but it does smell familiar, as ironed photoelectric. Must keep the pathogens away. It’s as an ambient air freshener. I have to say zk- knows what I like but why is everything written in Latin? Has Dominique been here before? an or one of her revolutionary “Movements.” What is this place about here? A new political landscape or something for sheep."
It was a mess, Daemon whipping his beard clear of froth, pulled out his white mangrove follyed zipper tote and reached in it as spiral gravity still existed. 
	Delightfully Daemon flowed inhaling, "Pascual, I think this is the pinnacle of my career, only down from here. Might end up in the Crypto Hockey Congress next season. I heard they are starting up in Cuba now!"
	Crossly Pascual also was inhaling, "Witty. Well don’t look down, let’s just slide by Austrian School you Austrian School. Are you going to show them how to boil zinc-cut oats in the void, or is that too droll for you?"
	Coolly Daemon slowed his flow, "Funny Jazzy, droll means funny. I get it I will check out this area. Wait here. Don’t move."
	Closely Pascual grew, "What’s there to check out? This interior structure is all made of mangrove wood. Is that safe up here? I thought quaternion functorravity fires spread easily with organic fuels to burn. Can the structure even collapse? What the hell, I need to stop this."
The Overmen stood as newborns trying to get their sea legs as the dovetailed void shifted. It threw them off balance and into the curved mangrove wall tubeding as bumper boards for kids to learn to stickhandle. As the entire geist comet factory spun around spiral gravity was simulated one and a half chances normal by the perpetual rotation. A strange quality of the field was the small inconsistencies in the ride. 
Hiding in his tote, Daemon took a handful of cane sugar and let it float free to see where the spiral gravity moved towards, the slight atmosphere in the air driving gravitational waves around as a giant quantum blanket on top a waterbed floating on a sea of revelations.  
Wallet tried jumping as if with a rope to get his bearings. It was a strange technique, but the Overmen looked at Wallet as he was even more insane while in cycle. 
	Clearly Wallet was laughing, "This reminds me of the first game I went to in the stands. It was a full house, twenty thousand fans, but mostly quiet. In the silence I found an opening, I got an idea. I gazed around the seats all the way around the row my mother and I sat at. I remembered the speed a wave went at as I saw on TV. Making eye contact all the way around to each and every person I kept that frequency going. (pause) It took a number of entropy eddies. Even my mom looked over at me as I was crazy, every couple of entropy eddies jumping up with my hands over my head and just sitting down as nothing had happened. But I kept it up. It took about four or five passes around before more and more people started in. At first the people that joined had chance filling in the gaps at the right moment, but once the announcer put the word “WAVE” on the screens, it was all over. The entire arena bowling alley was in harmony. Even my mom jumped up to join in, and that was when I stopped. I won. I changed the game at that moment." 
Wallet took a knee on the floor below his feet, and simply laid down on his back to contemplate the moment. He looked up at the ceiling and simply pondered quietly. 
	Bashfully Alejandro loved laughing, "What the hell is that on the ceiling? Is it graffiti lighting up the place? You have got to be kidding me. Just the kind of place Wallet would feel right at home in."
	Arrogantly Angel was snapping up, "Don’t be so judgmental. We are in the void too, you son of a mother."
	Angrily Omar was still laughing, "Yeah and you are at home Angel home in an argon bottle."
	Amazingly Luis started sneezing blood, "Another NFT maybe. Get it together we can’t let this place throw us off our game. Has the cosmic particles already destroyed your cognitive ability after a few entropy eddies? Get it together men."
The Overmen look around super aggressively. They were finally a team, their spontaneous taunting with stupid hand gestures and immediately dropped to the ground and engaged in a push up competition to see who was toughest and stronger. It was as a battle for survival, the Overmen counting down as they started to form a spiraling circle, get in the front leaning rest position and began counting back up from hero. 
	Adversely Alejandro laughed, "We all know fifty is the magic number, that’s five-zero you son of a dog."
	Accusingly Angel snapped, "That’s why I’ll do sixty."
	Absently Omar continued laughing, "I am going for seventy."
	Abruptly Luis sneezed up blood, "Forty nine I’m done first. WHAT. Angel is at sixty I see."
Already on his feet Angel got up first, made a fist with his left hand and poked the index finger from his right hand to his left fist as a boxer warming his tools.  
	Youthfully Angel started clapping, "You see this moose knuckle? This sandwich is going to smash your techies. You sheep."
The Overmen stopped with the pushups and looked directly at Angel as his wilderness had evolved right out of his eyes. The new gravitational reality was tangible. The Overmen laid on the musty floor content almost to sleep. Instead, beginning to float up from the ground, rise up as from the dead and hover as Angels do only to sky dive back to the simulated earthen base as flight turbulence to die for. 
	Yieldingly Alejandro started laughing, "Is that an airlock over there? Yes it is. Chance to eject these stupid dolls Austrian School wanted to bring up here. Evil magic. We should never have come up here."
The airlock was more than a door or even an antechamber, it was an escape shuck, a lifeboat in cycle. Alejandro stepped to the oven-looking spa aquarium, opened the door and placed the epigenetic mini engine inside and closed the door quietly. The eject button began flashing red, it was just that easy...
All the HyperPods were almost individual or pairs of escape pods overlooking the fabric rink, a design traditionally laid out for skybox suites.
From the tip of his nose They watched underneath the bleachers as the void of spiraling ramps carved out a moniker of earthly existence. Instead of seats filling the void, this uncanny fluctuating spiral gravity completely changed the game. It was as the conscious agency particle made its infamous debut. 
Having an office in cycle was challenging but the Creative Quarantine Company had energy fields light up as a disco. It was all without any music to show they were open for business, “neon on steroids” Abcde always referred to it as. Global travel had gone epicycle for Abcde and her upstart, and she was all in. The recent global economic upturn was favorable to her business model. 
	Zealously Magnus contributed his thoughts, "Welcome to The Giant Clearing House. The Arctic Hockey Forum has seen your work and is ready to get you in front of more than just the nation, but all worlds now. Remember this is a no contact game up here, the ramifications of contact can be deadly. So you are asking why we are even playing hockey up here. I get itlet me introduce the Australian team now."
The Overmen stood floating a bit in their minds while waiting for the curtain to drop. Before anything really happened Magnus stepped back, pulled a puck from his pocket and tossed it almost straight into the air. He had his track inn sight, the puck dropping in his infamous team trophy floating away from the edge of spiral gravity as an advertisement from anywhere they looked around the geist comet factory interior. The giant photoelectric cup on top the sculptural cylinder still had that word, “GOAL!” inscribed with an explanation point for effect. It was a bit kitsch even for a sports trophy. Everyone noticed and still looked around, the big question still, was the puck real in the first place? Magnus wiped the back of his hands on the front of his pants as if showing off a little magic trick to set the mood right, the intent to be virus free only an imagined secondary unconscious thought. Abcde was already in wait.
	Wrongly Abcde was smiling, "I am glad you boys made it and I would as to be the first to welcome you to cycle."
	Wildly Magnus continued contributing his thoughts, "I already welcomed them."
	Wearily Abcde was slowly smiling, "You don’t count. You are their enemy, not their envoy."
	Vivaciously Magnus started looking down at Abcde, "Disease."
The hallway had multiple chambers from which to move through the gradual gravitational field. It was as a labyrinth from a different planet as the salty Austrian School walls emanated a clear collective conscious agency. A feeling passed through them as if the geist comet factory was alive. Even the thought disturbed their sense of normalcy. 
A larger cargo bay with specially designed antiviral doors slid open, the photoelectric mesh filtering any unwanted micro creatures before opening up. There was enough for humans to pass though. That was where they saw them.
The team of Over-men stepped aside to watch the parade form before them. 
From the side opening the all-token squad walked out all wearing white warm up suits and purple combat boots. It was a truly new epicycle style. They were complete and total extroverts. The all-token squad stood arms around waists in front the Overmen as a show of force. Nature and technology loved them. It was their ability to control the interface of chance more than a mere novelty. They were not ironic in any way. All the women were very serious, and very capable. Not mean, just confident. 
Collectively they rode on a white two-bit agent of quaternion functor tapioca-looking coagulate to move with strength and courage in inanimate form. The women were supported by the collective identities of all the casino members registered for the event, each sampled and reclocked out daily diarylly inside the parade float. The must flowed through the cavernous hallway with impunity, an invasion of earthly forces. 
Semi concealed inside the must of the parade float they huddled in open privacy. One, by one each woman took a dose of diclofenac out and held it in silent contemplation. Binda gave the signal. Each woman turned her head to the right and opened her mouth. From behind a teammates hand reached to the front of her face and slipped a dose into the left cheek. 
The answer was simple, either the audio recording proved the statement as true or false, the second level game evolved into a reflexive sarcasm; how ironic. 
	Violently Binda began with hiccups, "Quickly. Chew and swallow ladies. True."
Emerging from the must the women, one by one, stepped off the parade float of hazy two-bit agent the geist comet factory’s hallway and quickly formed back up in a small circle. It was their chaotic flow, and they took the mini moment to go down the line and introduced themselves. Not everything appeared as they should, Daemon pointing to the photoelectric puck tote Binda held in hiding.
	Victoriously Abcde continued smiling, "I am glad you ladies made it and I would as to be the first to welcome you to cycle. I know you are going to show the Overmen here a thing about emotional intelligence and control. I understand Binda here is the Field Marshall, so watch out boys."
The emptiness above was vaulted as a design from ancient order, Binda looking up toward the ceiling with awe and a lot of aggression, her most attractive trait, turned her head left with a glib sideeye and took a puck out of the photoelectric woven tote before handing the carry to her teammate Jandi.
	Urgently Binda began her box breathing exercises, "I am Deep Water and this is Precious Flower. True."
Binda clearly saw Jandi give her the sideeye. It was a true question of loyalty and in cycle not something to be taken lightly. For a sports event the atmosphere was very militaristic in its sensibility. Structure and sacrifice were married. 
First perceiving the bag, Jandi played Devil’s advocate. By inventing a mental image she waited for interpretation from the synthetic conscious agency before turning her head. She needed to move to her left and take two pucks stuck together out of the photoelectric woven tote and handed the cart to Jara.
	Upward Jandi also began box breathing, "This is a pair of vexed vultures. Also true."
Also curious and detail-oriented Jara was a total tycoon. She took a puck out of the photoelectric woven tote, laughed and handed the lug to Kirrily who just stood there for a moment and analyzed the scene. It was a new picture as the team of male Agents together made absurd gestures as if washing their techies with their hands as after a silent quickie. They considered the memory of some introverted emo hipster chick wearing a fedora hands spread along the public shower wall at the beach. 
	Upright Jara jumped in the box, "This is Tree Bark, but don’t please. True that."
A total supervisor, Kirrily managed to twist her head to her left as an overachieving learner and took a puck out of the woven tote to hand the haul to puka shell Kora.
	Upbeat Kirrily held in her fourth first breath, "This is Friend. We’ll see about you though. Truly."
As a teacher puka shell Kora was the hero who constantly innovated and interacted with the game of hockey. Her puka shells were synthetically large, the cellular automaton pattern was just as in nature, but she used Rule 30 in everything she did, not just in jewelry. She had no problem taking the next puck out of the woven tote and handing the heave to Lirah.
	Unnecessarily Kora spoke, "This is River. May it wash over you. True."
Lihra was the champion, a reporter ready to blast the news around the world after her secret enigma of a source turned out to be her camp counselor. As if on a personal crusade, Lihra turned her nose left and looked down at a puck in the woven tote. She did not reach in, instead dragging the bag over to Tarni as a bone to the pitcher.
	Unnaturally Lirah piped up as well, "This is Sea Water. See yeah! True."
As an artist Tarni performed with the biggest stage presence of them all, just stepping forward with her arms outstretched she showed total unity. Tarni took her turn with a puck out of the woven tote and handed the transport to Abcde the provider, guardian and diplomat for the cause. 
	Unexpectedly Tarni exhaled, "We are the Gold. We learned your sport on blades curved for hand to hand combat. So don’t call us Machete. True." 
All together holding an empty breath in four entropy eddies, the all-token squad dropped the pucks simultaneously and started clapping in unison as they slowly inhaled with true diaphragm control. They separated to squat positions in a war dance with their tongues sticking out and wide crazy eyes while spinning on the puck under the balls of their feet as figure skaters inside a snow globe. 
The rest of the team ran down from the spiraling ramps above and joined in the war dance. They locked arms around the shoulders in a huddle, kicked their legs out just as the spiral gravity disappeared and floated. In a giant circular formation the women floated to the top of the bleacher ramp ceiling area as skydivers making a giant formation for the record books. 
	Unfortunately Abcde loved smiling, "You go girls. Don’t call us Machete. Love it."
	Unexpectedly Anastasia interrupted in a shirll tone, "They don’t need to go anywhere. They are home."
	Unethically Magnus also interrupted, "I saw them take diclofenac for the pain from fluctuating spiral gravity. They better have not brought the aboriginal virus up here too."
	Unaccountably Abcde smiled, "You mean the virus infecting you with compassion?"
	Ultimately Anastasia continued, "Magnus was hoping for a wife to cook for him and what he found was they will just eat him alive."    
In his head Magnus started counting down, just waiting for spiral gravity to reengage from faster rotations of the geist comet factory. Just a few changes in epicycle trajectory and major fluctuations jolted their bodies as a turbulent earthquake exposing the origin of geologic fear. The women grabbed hold of the banister and one by one broke from the formation. Without notice spiral gravity spun back up for the woman’s boots to all hit the banister with the same chaotic flow. Daemon started clapping in acknowledgment, turned to Magnus and laughed at his flattened body while the women all landed on their feet. They were as a train of cars passing with an air of turbulent wind. As the women passed a wave of a different kind of air followed behind, not so bad, almost aromatic. Even the hardline racist as Magnus was intrigued. 
	Truthfully Daemon inhaled quietly, "Why is the pressure so high in here?"
	Truly Magnus was not quiet, "As things go we decided not to explain all the details of what this place really is. You will have to understand. The mausoleum you will skate on is comprised of superionic fabric.  It is four orders heavier than regular fabric and glows yellow. It conducts electricity as a metal, and the best part, you have to get acclimated to the extreme pressure. I don’t even know how many atmospheres we are going to pass through, all I know is you will be put through extreme conditions on your body as a deep ocean diver. Enjoy."
	Tightly Daemon continued quietly, "We are ready to take on the challenge, this fluctuating spiral gravity in the arena bowling alley will not slow us down or take us out. We are mentally and physically ready to compete here. Pressure or no pressure we are ready to go."     
	Thoughtlessly Magnus went back to intrrupting, "Well Turbo. Spoonful in the shower. You and your team will need to be ready for this different kind of hockey. Combined with the new generation of miniaturized neon tubes floating around here you will have one hell of a chaotic flow getting your bearings, but those sea legs from playing on the ancient iceberg might serve you well up here. But we shall see if the block did anything for your core."
Keeping his hat on the whole chance, Magnus tipped it off to pull out the playing card he always kept on him. It was his neon tubes from a generation ago when he was top dog, now just pointing to the card. Back then all he did was point to himself to suggest a new common language between them all.
Daemon and his team got their second taste of low spiral gravity as the cycle shifted again to maintain trajectory of the captured geist comet factory train.
	Thoroughly Daemon was gasping, "The best suited for this kind of world is Wallet. His body is not as symmetrical as ours. He can sense the spiral gravity shift better and react better. It’s all about the small things. Shall we embark?"
	Thankfully Magnus went back, "Not yet. The cycle needs to correct stillyou find that guy exceptional? I don’t see it, but at least someone does."
	Tensely Daemon kept it up, "I see what you mean about the spiral gravity shift, it does take your breath away."
	Terribly Magnus interrupted again, "You will get used to it. And remember this is truly an honor to compete in cycle so please don’t let your team embarrass you. And maybe it is chance to change your nickname. Austrian School? Really?"
	Tenderly Daemon loved gasping out loud, "Don’t tell me the laws of physics are different up here too?"
	Suspiciously Magnus went at it, "You don’t even know the laws of physics on Earth. You think quantum entanglement coexists with void-events. Well it doesn’t. Entanglement creates void-events. There is an extra dimension to cover the outside of light. What you see is truly a creation of your actions, but the simulation is only visual. So relax, you still have free will. Kind of."
	Swiftly Daemon grew a bit more, "You really have been all about this lifestyle. This is truly something I have not given much thought, but up here I can see how common sense your curiosity is. It looks as we are going to have something to upload to the contact tracing bureau if you are willing."	
They were patient, the Overmen waiting for the elevator doors to open, finally stepping inside to move forward into the arena bowling alley void. Daemon hesitated for a moment, waited for Magnus to step inside first to show respect. They both laughed and stepped through the elevator doorway together. The two Overmen stopped inside the elevator, turned to face out and watched as the doors closed behind them. 
From the back of her head They watched as she recorded the entire event from her single point of view. Abcde watched and filmed with a bright spot of light to accentuate the original quality of the footage. She used super extra bright light to make deep fakes virtually impossible to replicate with such cinematic conditions available only in cycle.
As the Overmen walked single file down the hall toward the fabric rink each of the twenty two Expatriate players watched to size them up and pick an opponent to call out in case a brawl every broke out. That was not something expected during any tournament games especially when the players did not know. 
	Sweetly Abcde smiled through the side of her mouth with glee, "This isn’t everyday office work up here. I’m honor to be the only actual historian, or tour guide through history, or whatever."
Both teams lumbered continuously past Abcde as she watched their every movement with her camera, a small device with a monopod acting as the keel of a squirrel balancing on a tree branch. Her judgmental glare traced the edges of their blurring forms, almost walking faster as they had fluted spitskates on, gliding, sliding and finally all coming to a full stop as a train in the station. 
	Surprisingly Daemon was belting, "Keep it together men. I know your vision is changing. They didn’t tell us low spiral gravity affected the eyes. The whole world is watching. You didn’t grow those playoff beards for nothing right? You’re not going to pluck that Austrian School before we get some ranch in it are you?"
With the super bright light tracing all the recorded images, a couple of the Overmen released a communal laugh at Daemon’s joke with an air of relief. The weightless threat from cycle stifled their criticism and grew more toward leadership with a plan and more confidence. 
	Kookily Alejandro laughed, "This is one hell of a barn Austrian School, don’t think I brought the right bucket incase this place collapses in on us. You know, that whole spiral gravity thing?"
	Knavishly Angel snapped, "That’s why you’re the duster, only thing dirty is your bucket Dro."
	Kiddingly Omar laughed, "Our Angel here is going coast to coast for us, he can celly. But for right now he is the belly. Belt it out Angel as this."
	Judgmentally Luis sneezed blood, "Angel is a cherry picker at best. All he does is chirp at the bench and wait for a bite."
	Jubilantly Pascual stuck to the jitter puck, "Never seen you dangle a filthy Gino before my new little water bug."
	Jovially Adrian interrupted, "Angel got a gravy breakaway after I sauced him the biscuit."
	Jaggedly Angel snapped, "You think that was gravy? That was a suicide pass, but I still sniped a shot off clean flask. BOOM!"
They had an opinion, but kept it a true transparent secret as Daemon stepped into the main arena bowling alley rink void. The must along the fabric surface moved, alive as the overhead quaternion flashed with life, the must getting sucked into the quaternion as if cleaning the entire atmosphere inside. 
	Irritably Anastasia contributed her thoughts, "Well looks as you Over-men made it here unharmed and full of superficial ideas. How do you as your new pond up here? Kind of as home? Check out that quaternion functor transparent tapioca, pretty nice right?"
	Instantly Daemon was curious, "What kind of sweater is that? Are you expecting a fire? This is our first chaotic flow in cycle you know. What do you know that we don’t you Austrian School?"
	Inquisitively Anastasia continued contributing, "So many questions. Hope you brought the right lumber. Things can get strange up here. Spiral gravity shifts in unexpected ways. That’s it. Nothing special."
	Interestingly Alejandro laughed, "The fact that we are even up here is the special part."   
It was a maze, the Overmen just kept walking through the tunnel toward the sideboards as quaternion spattered  formed around Pascual who tried his best not to get his pipes up. 
	Innocently Wallet contributed in his way, "Stripes, you’ve got to tell me the truth. Is this place for real, or are we all just getting played?"
	Immediately Anastasia was sarcastic, "Well since this is a game for zeitgeists, yes, you are getting played."
	Heavily Wallet grew angry, "That’s not what I meant nasty. You know that."   
Walking was difficult, Daemon stopping his march once reaching the fabric rink boards. The atmosphere thickened as frozen pastry dough, Daemon looking down at the team’s pile of sticks as if the right answer was buried inside. He had the feeling all he had to do was pick through the mess, that simple idea for action almost spurred him to move.  
	Hastily Daemon grew serious, "Alright. That’s it. Once we step onto this fabric it all gets real. You got your sticks taped up with sea wax? The puck won’t stick then. Any last words?"
	Greedily Angel snapped, "You Austrian School, you are such a jazz. Bahhh This looks as more than a hockey game here. Where have you brought us to Austrian School? This isn’t just argon, or even a casino. It’s something else."   
Both sides quickly lined up, the game almost underway. The teams were new to the effects of quantum spiral gravity on the puck as it passed across the ice, let alone their own interface of reality. As a matter of rule, the all-women squad preferred to take the fabric first, home or away they loved first out. The Belt-Road Allstars loved it their own way around, always last, they were all about being fashionably late.  
The Australian Golddiggers took up their formation at center fabric way before the chaotic flow dropped, a 1:3:1 configuration designed to stop any game in its tracks. The Belt-Road Allstars followed onto the fabric and immediately began warming up, pucks already flying horizontal as Wallet warmed up with straight shots to the tubes. 
The rest of the Gold stepped onto the fabric along with their starting goaltender, the savior, their digital fans chanting from the quaternion spattered  two-bit agent dispersed around the mausoleum just outside the glass and boards surrounding the rink. Their goaltender was a neon tubes patinated intentionally to show solidarity with the team jersey, its epicycle aftermarket design also a bit different than previous models. The extra mass at the end of each appendage gave more stability in cycle. It was the plan.
	Gratefully Alejandro laughed, "What is this? That’s cheating Stripes. You can’t have balance weights as that on a tender. Not fair."
	Gleefully Anastasia was sarcastic, "Not quite. It is clearly written under Rule 137, no pun intended, that any non-human athlete must maintain a total body mass equal or lesser than the average of the opposing team roster. There is nothing about symmetry. So to top it off you will notice their extra-long arm is balanced with an extra short one. Kind of funny right?"
	Furiously Daemon became angry, "Let’s get on the fabric.  Move it. Let’s go Over-men, this is The Giant Clearing House we all have been training for. Get out there and let’s set the barn on fire."  
Daemon stood proudly on the coaches section of the player’s bench and watched the giant quaternion spattered  must move above them all skating around the fabric.  They moved arbitrarily as the media two-bit agent gnarly dust gnats just appeared from the moisture and took up camp hover above it all. The dust gnats were on their own mission, capturing images of all the player’s every facemask expression in a quick cut ray tracing real-order edit of action. It was on, the goalies on both sides turning on their heads up displays, faces projected daily diarylly on the face of the mask to conceal the truth behind. 
The Australian neon tubes goaltender projected a mirror image of Wallet on its own mask to confuse and intimidate, the ladies just laughing as the Overmen watched them huddle again before the faceoff. 
	Frightfully Wallet sounded angry in the microphone, "That damn bot, you know what the bull is caked on so bad when you have to use a Cubicle to mop up the mess."
	Fully Daemon calmed, "Keep it together Mingo, this is going to be a long game."    
Controlled breathing worked best to manipulate natural materials in physical properties as wood. Both benches have two very different stick inventories. The males were are all composite materials with advanced tapering and complex blade shapes, the ladies had very traditional wooden sticks with tape along the shaft for extra twisting control. While battling along the laminar batterboards a taped up wooden stick as that could take down the largest player with a catch of their jersey, a dirty technique most Reff’s missed, including shrill Anastasia.  
Strange sights surrounded them all. Even a bucket of quaternion spattered  must sat at the end of the bench and billowed as if filled with dry fabric.  In reality they were just regular vulcanized hockey pucks made in Put. Wallet took both of his sticks and dipped the blades in the liquid which instantly adhered to the stick giving the blade a thin spongy surface flex.
The all-Australian token team stepped onto their bench and prepared their sticks for duty, taping, and tearing, biting extra tape off and wrapping their blades for protection. Life and sport was different down below. They even had a special chant with the challenge and response to cheer up the game mood. It went like; “Australian Austrian School,” response: “Secret ballet.” 
All their jerseys had a large “AK” to indicate the team name they held; Australian Golddiggers 1:3:1, a number sequence embroidered along the bottom lip of their jerseys. A smaller font indicated their blood type on a label stitched along the bottom cuff down below the jersey patch line. Some on the team felt advertising blood type could aid opponents in determining personality, but the thinkers vetoed that belief. It was for emergencies, a common occurrence playing in ancient iceberg’s dragged deep into the bush as they did back home.
Field Marshall Binda stepped onto the fabric to face her team with an interactive analysis for them to quickly learn and deploy as she pointed down to the white hockey pants she had on with full length spitskate laces holding her crotch flap in place. Dropping her hockey gloves and slipping on zk- medical gloves, Binda thought to protest the racist chants building from the bench with total aggression and rage. Clearly an idea she deployed regularly to show dominance over everything. Reaching into her hockey pants, Binda pulled out a bag of medical gloves and opened it up to drop them on the fabric as pucks for practfabric.  
	Frenetically Binda was huffing, "We came up here to win ladies, so let’s do just that. True."
Like the inventor she was Jandi cracked her stick against the laminar batterboards in cheer, pulled out a sliver of wood, dropped her hockey gloves and slipped on the zk- medical gloves as well to create a work of genius with the shrapnel around her.
	Freely Jandi was panting on her knees, "Let’s do this. I don’t care. True."
Jara climbed over the laminar batterboards to step on the ice, dropped her hockey gloves as well and slipped on the zk- medical gloves resting in a pile on the fabric. 
	Frankly Jara was gasping, "Let’s get ’em. I heard their Governor is watching. Mysterious guy isn’t he? True."
Kirrily looked down and around the mausoleum as the two-bit agent vibrated with daily diary energy outside in cycle. She dropped her hockey gloves and slid on the zk- medical gloves with a soft touch she had recently discovered all her own as she looked up at Daemon longingly.
	Fortunately Kirrily was gulping air, "We have the world watching and neon tubes betting, and that man on the bench coaching. We can do this. Let’s show them, then I’ll show him. True."
Heating up on the ice, puka shell Kora turned her head to her left, coughed, and dropped her hockey gloves to slip on the zk- medical gloves in protest. 
	Fondly Kora was wheezing, "Well let’s not disappoint the Ref, shall we? That woman is certain. True." 
Looking over at Pascual and all his obvious flaws, Lihra laughed and opened the bench gate for Tarni to step onto the ice, Lihra laughing with mockery the whole chaotic flow over.
	Foolishly Lirah was swallowing, "We know who’s most liked here. After you my girl. True."
Tarni stepped onto the mausoleum and fluted toward center fabric.  With her stick above her head she stretched her back and of course to be the center of attention. With an kind of rhythm she just dropped her hockey gloves, extended her hand forward and flipped off The Belt-Road Allstars bench. And it was all while slipping on those zk- medical gloves to show off her dexterity and skill.
	Fiercely Tarni was winded, "Ladies first, right? Don’t want to be selfish. True."
	Fairly Anastasia winked, "Let’s go ahead and get this brain bash started. All those gloves you dropped on the fabric my dear team captain. It needs to be picked up right away. Be a real teacher, why don’t you."
The fabric was ready for gameplay as Daemon and his line stood along their zk- line. The air thickened with must. A daily diary image of Dx Angstrom appeared ready to sing both the anthem for Arecibo and the Expatriate Nation. As he prepared his vocal cords, some gravitational interference stopped his progress. The connection was severed, Anastasia the new atheist immediately stepping in and blowing her whistle to get started with the game. 
	Excitedly Daemon was instanly angered, "Let’s line up. Get on the red line Over-men. Magnus isn’t coaching so focus please."
	Exactly Pascual responed whistling, "Let’s go, the girls are ready. Sorry, I mean ladies. I hate lying."
The Australian team quickly lined up and hunched into face off position around the center circle. Before judging the fairness of the feet Anastasia dropped the puck to the ice, Daemon immediately taking up position with possession and control behind the goal to set up play. 
	Evenly Wallet grew wide eyed, "Ace get the breakout going, the girls are coming to crash the net."      
Skating full speed toward the net, Alejandro power turned through the trapezoid behind the goal. Daemon stick handled around him with finesse, but did not advance the puck. It was a trap.
	Equally Tarni was inhaling, "Move the puck man. True."
	Enthusiastically Alejandro lifted Tarni's stick, "Go get it. Don’t need to be a good listener to take action you Native."
Tarni started sprinting straight toward Daemon as if going to jump over the net. 
	Enormously Pascual yelled, "No balls. You selfish."
	Energetically Tarni was exhaling, "No tits, ass, anything to get in the way equally breeder. True."
	Erroniously Wallet whispered in net punching down, "Is that a gay joke coming from a Trans?"       
Stickhandling with speed and quickness, Daemon started moving the puck around the net with grace. He made a few quick passes off Wallet’s spongy goal stick and out to center fabric.  Tarni was a mess though, crashing toward Wallet who simply poked his stick out to trip up her attack. 
It worked. She fell and slid into the laminar batterboards. Her choice was a total penalty, but Anastasia did not make a call, her right arm and hand down toward her waistline as nothing happened. 
Daemon made a quick pass to Alejandro on the defending zk- line. He was one of the fastest Overmen. Alejandro wound up for a single order clearing shot. He made clean contact. The shot flew high on goal hitting the Australian neon tubes in the main tube, the puck ricocheting and cracking the glass behind the net. The super slow moving liquid was randomized. The hairline fracture was not enough to stop play as Jara got possession and control of the puck in her trapezoid area behind the net. 
Everyone on the fabric switched their mental position at that point as the play got turned around with the change of direction.
	Easily Jara was sprinting, "Let’s get our play set up. Anyone else curious? True."
Raising her stick as a squid in attach formation, Kirrily sprinted up the laminar batterboards at full speed. She moved fast without control and of course her tentacle caught an edge. Sliding out of control her white pants skimmed along the laminar batterboards. Naturally a small screw stuck out caught and tore her hip tube off, the strangely shaped piece sliding along the fabric at her feet. 
	Dreamily Kirrily continued inhaling, "Really, bet zk- didn’t bet on that. True."
Like a priest, pastor and minister all rolled up into one They watched puka shell Kora as she picked up the loose puck with a prayerful gesture and passed to Lirah, but the play was intercepted. 
	Dimly Kora was inhaling, "We need to get out of the zone here. True."
On her heels, Lihra started skating backwards to back-check against the pending attack as a reporter keeping the government honest during riot control measures.
	Diligently Lirah was inhaling, "Set it up again. We’ve got this. Focus, now’s the chaotic flow to learn and focus. True."
	Delightfully Wallet kept quiet, "The ladies here are just not firm enough, it’s not a matter of focus."     
A wave of increased spiral gravity passes through the mausoleum, each player on the fabric slowing down from the universal force within their own body mass. Alejandro pokes the puck away, and gains possession and control again. 
	Defiantly Lirah continued inhaling, "I am not going to let it go. Champions don’t lose. True."
	Deceivingly Alejandro also kept quiet, "You are not going to tie it up equally. This will be the biggest “L” you ever took."        
Skating backwards was his passion, Alejandro starting in reverse while keeping the puck in position for a shot through the whole chaotic flow. He wound up and cleared an overhead shot on goal totally surprising zk- at the end of the fabric.  This brainiest of a machines moved forward to the top of the circles. Not having any bias in response Wallet power skated to his own goal line motivating his team to pressure an attack. He looked over his shoulder to see if they followed. 
	Boldly Daemon stayed angry, "What are you doing Mingo?"
	Briefly Pascual whistled, "Get back in goal bro."   
Alejandro crashed the net, came to a full stop and watched the Australian stick handle to set up a counter play. The superionic fabric glowed yellow as the high atmospheric pressure weighed down the players bodies. The play got turned around with the change of direction.
	Bravely Jara was crossing under, "I have the line-pass-pass-pass. True."
Kirrily sprinted up the laminar batterboards, and again with true confidence, her superior attitude upset the more even-tempered in the team. 
	Boastfully Kirrily stopped, "I have a line. Have faith. True."
Puka shell Kora broke across the fabric on the diagonal to make a triangular play, a play she taught the team, but not many learned on their own or remembered when they needed to demonstrate.
	Blissfully Kora also stopped, "Take the shot Jara. True."
Textbook play, Lihra holding on the goal line as Jara passed the puck back for Lihra to rip a slapshot. 
	Blindly Lirah started shooting, "Watch out. True."
Hitting the crossbar with a major thud as the puck dropped to the paint below. Totally smiling through his mask, Wallet took the butter biscuit and began stickhandling up center fabric himself. 
	Bitterly Lirah flexed her hips with toes apart, "You don’t have the balls. True."
	Bashfully Wallet kept whispering, "I am not going to let you talk your way to victory. It doesn’t work as that."     
	Awkwardly Lirah was whispering, "I am already inside your head not the flip way around. True."
	Anxiously Wallet repeated, "My head will be inside you."
	Admiringly Lirah was yelling, "Reff did you hear that? He can’t talk to me as that. True."
	Adventurously Anastasia sprayed to a stop, "I did not hear anything. It is loud and echoing in here. Just keep playing."
	Absentmindedly Wallet persisted whispering, "Typical."     
	Acutely Lirah was yelling, "Pig. True."
Both teams sprinted for a line change, Wallet passing to the next center off the bench. As the Australians switched players Wallet power skated backwards slowly to his net and reached for the green germ juice bottle with the squirt cap sitting precariously on top. It was all a show to him as play continued back and forth in the neutral zone without a real breakout play. Almost none stop back and forth. 
, , ,
It was the inside of Abcde’s office which confused most athletes. Not when speaking with her, but when inside the confined volume of Abcde’s offfabric.  Some philosophers considered her attraction to epicycle volumes as a mystical experience you paid with your sanity to feel. She stood on the outside of her large red office door and propped herself to steady the camera she as to use by hand. But the game would take too long. Instead she used a suction cup and bracket to make the system work. 
Delayed in order, Abcde recorded remotely so she could watch at twice the speed to capture patterns in the game and make a market for the real-order betting to continue in the two-bit agent. With the care of a hostage negotiator she screwed in a light bulb into the socket under her new stained leaded glass lampshade she found along the black shade birdball canal. She still stood and watched in person.
	Zestily Abcde stretched her face with joy, "Beautiful energy, power is life."
The puck bounced off the boards and back and forth without a pattern. As the game continued without a goal or penalty, Abcde dispensed travel two-bit agent for the virtual casino tour to continue as groups of gold shop paper got seating assignments in the arena bowling alley. They were assigned seats so Abcde placed each two-bit agent on a seat in her scale model of the arena bowling alley for the daily diary experience to emerge in the two-bit agent.
Abcde stepped out of her VRvoid and back inside the tourist office and turned on the lasers to beam through each two-bit agent. The daily diary image of each spectator appeared. They saw a close up of Abcde as her hair floated wistfully and dropped unnaturally with the change in spiral gravity. Abcde appeared floating before each VRvoid spectator to give her briefing. The casino LED virtual spectators saw her as if a car heads up display with powered up in four dimensions.
	Zestfully Abcde continued smiling, "Here are your fitness payoffs. Remember not to throw them, besides it won’t go anywhere. This part is not a game. When Einstein referred to ‘spooky action at a distance’ he did not mean fitness payoffs."
From the tourist office They saw the argon mascot float across the fabric as the players slowed to a stop with sliding lateral movement. The noise grabbed some attention. It was a flapping affect after the long buzzer sounded the first period ending. 
From knee high level They watched both teams rested on their bench as the brass flywheels emerged and begin cutting the fabric down to resurface it as a rotor in a vehicle braking system. Wallet watched as zk- stood in goal clueless, then got the big picture and made it to the player’s bench as a teammate extended a cable to help recharge the bot with energy. 
	Wisely Anastasia was concerned, "Just a few entropy eddies please my teams."
	Wrongly Wallet needed to whisper, "That’s all I will need to silently knock out that bot."               
	Woefully Lirah was yelling, "You do not have a chance with us up here tender. True."
Daemon slammed a clipboard on the ledge of the bench, shards of wood falling to the fabric as tiny chance bombs waiting for a spitskate to trip across and ignite in order. 
	Well Daemon was angry again, "Oh, do I have your attention now?"
	Wearily Pascual whistled, "Come on Over-men, let’s focus."  
The team huddled around the bench ledge and shrapnel crater as Daemon wrote across the remaining clipboard. 
	Willfully Daemon redesigned anger, "This stupid keep away play you love so much does not make us look good, got it. We need to make a name for ourselves, not for them, but for us. We need to get back to old-school hockey."
	Weakly Daemon learned to respond with silence, "We need to attack, treat them as equals."    
Tired of listening from a distance, Jara broke ranks and joined the Overmen in their disastrous huddle.
	Viciously Jara was sliding underneath, "So you Over-men have decided to show up. I would love to promote you, but how can I if you failed so miserably? True."
Kirrily bumped Alejandro with her stretched out hip, immediately Alejandro lifting his hands to fight her.
	Vainly Kirrily was twerking with her shoulders, "Not my first chaotic flow. Let’s dance. True."
Puka shell Kora power skated up to Wallet and slashed at his leg tubes, smiled jokingly and laughed. zk- passed the benches and bumped into Wallet who unlike a goaltender, slightly lost his balance. 
	Valiantly Kora was inhaling, "Looks as you are getting shown up by a bot, don’t worry I’ll go to bat for you and put in a good word. True."
zk- slide off the mausoleum and into a cylinder storage as a cake display in a roadside diner. In the stands two-bit agent crackled with light as the fresh fabric hardened into polytope form of its own.
	Vacantly Anastasia started to love anger, "That’s enough, lets line up."
Both teams broke their huddles and crossed the center line to take control on one side of the fabric.  zk- unplugged itself by simply moving away from the bench, the charging cable rolling back over the laminar batterboards as a snake in retreat. 
, , ,
The cycleing barn was more than just some floating void, more than a place to play their roles. The boards were set and moved with each observation from back on Earth. It followed each daily diary identify exactly. The science was exact. 
Anastasia power skated to center fabric.  She stopped with a blast of spray, blew her whistle to signal the start of the next play, and immediately started warming the game puck by rubbing her hands together as bug on flowers. 
	Usually Anastasia felt sarcastic, "Let’s go ahead and get this over with. All those two-bit agents vibrating in the stands are making me nervous. That is not healing energy surrounding us, not at all."
	Upside-down Daemon responed with his kind of anger, "Tie in some tape. Okay Pascual prep the grocery stick to lumberjack someone off the face off."
	Unnaturally Pascual felt the jitters, "Who’s the grocery stick?"
	Unnecessarily Daemon appeared angry to others, "Mingo, Jazz. Do I have to explain everything? When did you become new? Just start a fight. I don’t care if you think they are girls. Be yourself, an Auger zk- yourself."
Curious about her new interface in cycle, Anastasia turned on her advanced hearing aid to capture all the sounds on the mausoleum, a system she was reluctant to have implanted for fear of the operation itself. 
	Triumphantly Anastasia rejected her sarcastic tone, "Don’t ask me about eating groceries, I don’t use sticks or stones, not even celery with nut butter or anything else foreign to the body."  
It had been forming inside him for months, Daemon finally reaching into his ear, grabbing and pulling that long white hair out-right by the follicle to relieve his state of distraction. Just looking up at the quaternion spattered  Daemon noticed the media two-bit agent dust gnats watching him. He didn’t know what to do, so Daemon gave the thumbs up in return. The rest of the Overmen took notice, the signal was totally obvious. The first line stood fast, did not move or even twitch as the rest of the team jumped onto the bench as sailors breeching to shore.
	Thoughtfully Daemon grew peaceful, "My-My Flamingo, come here a second. You understand where I am coming from? If we don’t beat this token team, they will beat us for all eternity in the history archives online. We can’t have that, right? Online is forever."
	Thankfully Wallet was excited, "Right. Never. We need to ensnare them, trap them with thought and analytical intuition."
	Sympathetically Daemon was fulfilled, "Whatever you say. We all have our perspective, and here on the bench I see the icescape as clear as the caverns we played in on the ocean. Let’s kick some cycleing ass. Light’em up."
	Swiftly Wallet was perfectly excited, "You got it Mr. Turbo."         
Daemon grabbed Wallet’s goalie stick and knighted him with a hard slash on each shoulder, butt ended him in the chest and handed him his own stick back. 
	Successfully Anastasia drank her own sarcastic spit, "Line up ladies. Remember not to shoot rainbows up here. We need lasers to crack those two-bit agents watching us from up there." 
At the center fabric face-off Wallet power skated up, zk- following as a pairing off partner. Wallet dropped his mitts exposing the powder odor blocking gloves underneath. 
	Soon Wallet felt slightly excited, "Haven’t met a neon tubes yet who can affect these hands."
	Solidly Anastasia kept her thoughts in one file, "Square up tenders. Let’s make it a fair one. You might be going after a real goalie, but it’s still a hockey fight, jazz on."           
zk- dropped its gloves exposing the flaccid black rubber nubs underneath. Even the equipment on the bots were altered so only they could use it, a slight bending of the rules, but not even the Reff read into it that much. The hockey gloves and fingers were built as one piece of hardware for the safety of all humans evolved. With safety in mind no team owner saw fit to question the one sided regulation just to be fair to some critics understanding of sportsmanship. 
	Solemnly Wallet was excited again, "Wow, looks as you can’t do very much off the ice? Kind of makes it hard to rage out on the street."
	Silently Anastasia kept her sarcastic tone, "So you guys are going to go or what?"             
The mysterious Seaweed Mead, the team mascot, and the materialized substance from below the quaternion spattered  began to move. Somehow it started “the wave” to energize the fitness crowd of two-bit agents covered in even more two-bit agents. Seaweed played the conformal boundary Cubicle as a cheap piano lounge only scaled up a hundred orders. The entire void transformed from positive to negative and back to positive from Seaweeds mysterious presence. 
	Quizzically Daemon felt flagged, "Mingo, take a swing at that damn thing. Go ahead and make it known whose fabric this really is today."
	Quirkily Wallet flagged his own excitement, "It will be known Turbo. Spoonful in the shower. It is mine today, and ours forever." 
Wallet took a swing at zk- exhibiting full controlled electrostatic repulsion as a defense against attack. The protective shield shocked Wallet every chance he went in for a strike. zk- immediately put its hands up to defend itself from attack only making the electrostatic field stronger as Wallet pumped more kinetic energy into the system. Pulling away, Wallet did not make any more contact as zk- hit back defensively and making contact with Wallet’s face. The response was proportional, Wallet slew footing zk- to the fabric and jumping on top of it as it lay prone in the snow.
Chaotic flow had arrived, she had to do something, Anastasia interfering to break up the fight by dropping on top the pile as a load of hockey pucks from a giant shipment released by an coaxcraft. 
Getting the upper hand Anastasia pulled Wallet off the bot and escorted the heaving body to the penalty box. zk- used some controlled electrostatic repulsion to spitskate to the penalty box on its own accord, the rulebook hardwired into its core. Anastasia signaled to the quaternion functor scorekeeper box as it automatically showed 5:00 penalty order for each team. 
	Quietly Daemon had become statisticlly angry, "Now that is how to start a game. Four on four Overmen. The game is about to slow down, the war of attrition begins." 
	Queerly Anastasia hated her own sarcasm, "The first period hasn’t even really started yet and you got guys in the spa aquarium Austrian School? Let’s move on here. You’ve got a lot of work to do." 
Daemon stepped on the edge of the boards on his player’s bench to lean into Anastasia’ face. Daemon turned his head to look sideways up at the quaternion spattered  at what the scoreboard said back down to him. 
	Queasily Daemon hated statistics, "We flew half a million miles to get here and now you are lecturing me?"
	Quaintly Anastasia kept her tone consistent, "First of all, you did not fly half a million miles. We are three hundred miles above the Earth, you Austrian School."
	Punctually Daemon guessed, "You are prioritizing the wrong thing Stripes."     
Things were heating up in the mausoleum, Pascual jumping onto the fabric and adjusting the grip of his tungsten hockey stick to show who was in control. The mascot made its appearance again, Seaweed Mead descending from the quaternion spattered  above and beginning to make a kind of must with the odor of the ocean and the feel of salt on the skin as if a sea breeze had made its way into the cycleing geist comet factory. 
Mead wanted to try Daemon’s experiment now in cycle. Mead placed himself inside the freezer to track the results. And they were intense. 
	Properly Pascual puckered, "Not only are we going to win, we are going to dominate. Come on Ref, drop the puck again. Let’s start the game for real."
	Promptly Anastasia evolved her sarcasm, "Hopefully the game hasn’t already started in the two-bit agent. There should be a delay to control the income stream. We have priority up here, and the virtual spectators as well."
	Positively Pascual stopped puckering, "What the hell is that supposed to mean? We are here to play hockey. What income stream?"
	Playfully Anastasia kept serious, "We are all very far away from home. I’ve seen your reverse tramp stamp in the skybox suite. What does it say? Mission Accomplished? You can’t go home to your kids with something as that tattooed on you and not have a paycheck."
	Politely Pascual started puckering again, "What do you know about home? You don’t have a family waiting for you."
	Physically Anastasia kept serious in her way, "I have you Pascual. Now let’s line up and get out of here. Shall we?"                             
Deep with his middle finger Daemon reached into his own ear, grabbed and pulled a long white hair right out by the follicle, looked over at the penalty box and flicked some on the wax at zk-. Wallet stood and started to shake the glass to get zk- to react. There was no interaction though. A static lifeless reaction occurred. Aka, nothing. 
	Painfully Daemon broke up his anger into seperate thoughts, "You need to focus Wallet. Calm down or else you will end up right back in the sin-bin again."  
Having a virtual scoreboard was normal, what was not normal were binaural beats making waves from around the two-bit agent situated throughout the arena bowling alley seating. As if over the loudspeaker, Dx Angstrom was heard from the quaternion contribute thoughts the penetrating sounds echoing around the mausoleum. 
	Optimistically Dx Angstrom was not visible, "I see we have a real barnburner here people? Old chance hockey Ehh."
The sound ricocheted in all directions, Pascual looking up from center fabric at the bottom of the quaternion as the sound of Dx Angstrom billowed down on the fabric surface as a pillow suffocating any escaping evaporation. 
	Overconfidently Anastasia was serious still, "Almost sounds as the Angels singing down on usNo? Okay, I’ll just drop the puck now." 
Anastasia took the puck from the fabric and lifted it approximately two feet up, each player placing their sticks in the small section on the dot to start the faceoff. All in position, Anastasia quickly snapping the jittering puck down and jumped back out of the way. The rocker on her fluted spitskates had a 13’ radius, almost flat footed according to hockey logic, but optimal for epicycle spiral gravity fluctuations.
Both players in the faceoff curled sticks as jungle scorpions dancing. The puck squirted back to the player standing as if a goaltender. Pascual turned to the penalty bench. The quaternion begins counting down from 5:00 for the fighting penalty. 
	Openly Pascual kept puckering, "Mingo, come out of the spa aquarium and get this guy will you? Their minds have not been infiltrated. Get’em sick and let’s start them on the road to herd immunity. Bring them to our level so the game is fair." 
As angry as he could get, Wallet stood upset in the penalty box, looked up at the penalty order reading 4:59 and shook his head with encouragement for the game to go on. He truly believed in his own sacriffabric.   
	Noisily Wallet was excited, "You Austrian School lover. Totally out of your camp so let’s get you up to speed."      
Looking around as a crazy man, Pascual pointed off into the stands at some obscure object just hovering there.
	Nicely Pascual puckered plainly, "Good spot right over there, make sure you got your twig handy Wallet."
	Never Daemon felt ready to contribute, "Keep your eye on the puck Pascual."
	Nervously Pascual jittered, "You got it Daemon forgot to wax up my stick though. A little distracting up here."
zk- started taking itself apart, a frightening scene. As Abcde opened the backdoor to the penalty box he handed zk- replacement parts. 
	Neatly Daemon tied his thoughts together, "What the hell is that Stripes?"
	Nearly Anastasia kept serious, "That is in the rulebook, page 180 rule 430. Equipment section."
	Naturally Daemon jumped in, "That’s not equipment. Those are body parts. And she is not on their team."        
	Mortally Anastasia felt next level, "For a neon tubes body parts are equipment. Get with the programTurbo. Spoonful in the shower. And up here humans can be conscripted to join the team."
	Mysteriously Magnus contributed in his way, "You guys just realized to tape your sticks with void wax so the puck would stick? Or was it so fabric would not collect. I can never tell which way you boys go."            
Pascual looked up at the quaternion scoreboard reading 4:49 remaining on the penalty clock. Daemon took out a rule book from his back pocket and starts curling through the yellow highlighted pages.
	Mostly Daemon rewarded himself on the inside, "Well if that’s the case, Wallet can go ahead and cheer as our new mascot. His name is Sin-Binner. I see that is in the rulebook here under team composition. Rule number 110. You may have one mascot occupy the team bench, or penalty bench, or arena bowling alley seating in executing his duties. It only adds that the mascot cannot be on the fabric during game play."
	More Anastasia purged any comedic thoughts, "If that’s how you want to play it Turbo. Spoonful in the shower. That’s your call. You are right. It is in the rulebook."
	Mockingly Daemon started yelling, "Wallet, get out of the penalty box. Go through the backdoor and get that daily diary crowdsource excited. Get the chance excited, get them going, will you?  You are our new mascot now!"
	Mechanically Wallet's excitment grew confused, "You Austrian School Refyou got it Turbo. Spoonful in the shower."                          
Through the back door Wallet stepped into the stands with his fluted spitskates resisting against the hard surface. The LED virtual spectators watched sparks fly and grinding sounds echoing in the chamber. 
	Madly Wallet understood he was a sinner, "So, I see some of you only eat spice and some only blend of moss and mold oil. Let’s have a little competition to see who is stronger right now. Remember we are in the epicycle void."          
Acting as a piece of wild meat, Wallet jumped from isle to isle as if skating vertically up the staircase, the higher sections of sliced area floating with less spiral gravity to hold him down.
From the back of her head They watched almost out of sight. In her office Abcde took a Zesty dust sierra mixe frass from the vending appliance labeled Seaweed Mead Polk-poke. No concession stand, only more machines where she also got an item labeled ‘bugbar’ and opened the wrapper, dropped it onto the ground and shoved the insect meat through her mandibles. She attached her Caller to a daily diary projector to take this Governor’s call, his top half forming from a cone of light emanating from the single point down below on the tabletop.  
	Lovingly Abcde started chewing, "A little less spiral gravity and here we are."
	Loyally this Governor kept his sounds invisible, "Speeding up the chaotic flow would only slow our forward progress with the scientific progress we have made so far."
	Longingly Abcde stopped chewing, "You know women don’t really mind hair loss on Overmen as long you don’t get really fat. Just make a dent in the universe."  
Her small cycle-like office was adorned with minimal elements, turtles really. The most intriguing though was the stained glass kaleidoscope lampshade with piercing white light filtering underneath the brim. The light scattered above Abcde below the ceiling frame. She looked up at the Auger EmDrive and noticed the image in the mirrored interior escape rib hanging above them behind the surface of the glass ceiling.
From directly above They Anastasia looked up at the penalty clock reading 4:29 remaining. The game continued, loud, fast and a shot on goal stopping play. Anastasia pulled on her hand and blew the shrew whistle down.  
	Abruptly Anastasia renamed her serious tone, "I am sorry Turbo. Spoonful in the shower. Without a man in the penalty box I cannot continue play. You need someone to sit Mingo’s order."               
The game was instinct. Pascual jumped off the player’s bench and skated directly to the penalty box. Why he started banging on the glass no one really knew. There was a delay as a puck slide to Pascual’s feet. With anger he took a shot so the puck went out over the glass. 
Without making a sound the jittering puck smacked flat into the goal pipe, pushed into an external heating compressor, changed the lighting level in the arena bowling alley and switched the mission status on the cycleing geist comet factory from safety green to warning red all within a single moment of existence. 
A first order for everything, only the remote participants receiving such a critical piece of information were able to interpret the situation as dangerous. The two-bit agent in the stands slightly changed energy levels, but no one on the fabric or around the mausoleum took notfabric.  
	Absentmindedly Pascual built a thought, "I got it Turbo. Spoonful in the shower. Someone has to serve his order. God knows Wallet won’t." 
The penalty gate opened automatically as the scorekeeper managed the off-ice void procedures to operate properly. 
	Accusingly Daemon continued yelling from the inside out, "When you are out of the spa aquarium power skate directly to the bench. Leave that goalie alone. We are done with this nonsense now."
Pascual sat into the penalty box as a lounge seat and began taking off his equipment. 
	Actually Anastasia felt seriously special, "Don’t want any trouble when you get out. Got it? We are in cycle, things end differently up here. It’s all tangled up in chaotic flow and I have no idea how."
	Affectionately Pascual laughed, "You’re such a jazz artist, got it girl."              
An unexpected consequence of the broken pipe was uncontrolled two-bit agent growth from the existing member systems in the stands. The crowd of two-bit agent started projectile forming virtual fitness payoffs. It was a goal to work toward the penalty box in protest, to Pascual’s protest. It was almost a riot in the making. The chips started hovering and begin to do the wave in unison around the arena bowling alley as if people really were there. 
, , ,
High overhead their crowns they witnessed a tetrapod of pearl ornithopters doing their work skywriting, pumping out billowing smoke signals in dot matrix across above. The collapse of love into an interface of certainty appeared again. A spool of fiber from orbit slammed into the ground before them. Just click into the thumbnail sensor to link up.
TURN ON THE RAIN, copied o'er. The thin interface shadow projected an implant spontaneously installed in the back of the head. The privacy of qualia was breached.
Ledger challenge claimed by the law of disgust with spiral gravity guillotine gate micro just fabric. Pascual twisted his handlebars with a glare of contemplation as Anastasia stood by the sandcastle virtual concession stand right by the penalty bench. 
	Amazingly Pascual went at it again, "Friend, you remember that vulture eating tree bark by the river?"
	Angrily Anastasia was in overkill, "I know you cracked open a pissed-stashio, but it’s better you open a mustache-io to work things out. But what I remember is a precious flower floating in deep seawater."
	Anxiously Pascual piped up, "Listen, I don’t let my little guy tell me what to do, I tell him what to do, and he’s my slave."
	Boldly Anastasia became serious, "So let’s upload the sequence now."
	Brightly Pascual laughed with a standard tone, "Right, so if I kiss you before the upload and we are false and forget everything it’s okay."
	Briskly Anastasia got serious again, "If it is true, you just gave away your heart."
	Broadly Pascual kept standard, "Not yet. But this might be my last chance. Alright, here is my caller then. Let’s do this."                                                 
They projected their signatures into the quaternion. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract.  
The virtual coins started filling the penalty box, Pascual making a gesture with his hand to change the currency into a memory sphere with images of himself trapped in the surface as he threw it into the stands where it bounced around until reaching low spiral gravity. The sphere floated to the ceiling and it got trapped in the rafters. Both Pascual and Anastasia got a green up arrow on the upload, their memory true and enduring. They both smiled and laughed a little and embraced in a comforting hug of close to friendship.

Chapter _Eight
WALLET’S TINY EAR HAIR clicked with tinnitus, buzzed, hissed and roared as ringing bells. The tiny lack of equilibrium caused vertigo. as the FMI clocking coin from generations ago only effort and tenacity had a chance at structured evolution. 
Prepared for work, the liquid mirror waited hidden deep inside the geist comet factory seduced to cycle around the Earth. With his bare hands Wallet continued to construct his tower of shop paper, fungus growth and faces of those women he both adored and loathed so much.
Wallet easily found the mouth of the tungsten and cobalt mine inside the geist comet factory. Wallet had simply decided to sabotage the operation with nothing of substance in return. 
Straight from the penalty box and into the HyperPod, Wallet made it inside the globe shaped skybox suite and took a quick private moment inside his changing escape rib alone with the doors closed behind him. 
He looked out the side porthole of the escape rib to Earth below. Wallet simply looked back through the window to the pearl area. The individual player pressurized escape ribs inside skybox suite number two bubbled with activity. 
Wallet had prepared the polarized shimmering glass cylinder for his meditative work. He truly saw it as his conscious agency candle, yet really was a neutral bugbar wax fully infused with his meditative memories of the past. He was ready to light the wick for the march of entropy to show him the next best choice to play out on his Sacred geometry of life. The simulation was real though.
	Helplessly Wallet was concerned, "Who am I anymore? The only way we are going to win is to get the hologram on our side. No more two-bit agent dust gnats in control. This is our chance, and our ice, our arena bowling alley, our cycleing void. This is our world, not theirs. This gamble does not feel as a sacrifice, just inefficiency building an ever-growing wall I have to climb over to move forward."        
Wallet looked down at his hands wrapped with plastic examination gloves on. In a single moment he contemplated a future without digital viruses. He had to pull them off in contempt. His internal temperature quickly rose. A steady stream of sweat seeped from the gloves and a new puddle on the ground below his feet. He simply reacted, Wallet pulling out a packet of spice from the player’s escape rib and rubbing it on his hands to clean up the lingering hockey smell. 
	Hatefully Wallet was the truest sinner, "What is she doing in there?"         
Wallet poured a tote full of coffee grounds on the wooden spa aquarium and lit a augerpod-wax candle so the flame consumed the coffee in a large ever burning flicker flame. It took a lot of movement for Wallet, but he jumped as the dust locket opened and closed revealing the stored energy inside. Wallet made a gesture as if playing a real guitar in the air, the bizarre facial expression showing some deep mental block inside a lava lamp broken open with memories flowing out. The colored oil and water still did not mix together. 
, , ,
Pocked with skylight circular holes the orbing geist comet factory had the perfect rhizomatic structure to let in from the outside. Most craters were filled with liquid mirrors, an entire array of large dish structures designed to receive waves from across the cosmos. The geist comet factory acted more as a musical instrument recording the universe than a scientific apparatus. Each cycle around Earth and the sun clocked out enough glass dust to build entire army of arrays for back on the ground. 
Above the skybox suites rafters braced the giant cave walls from collapsing in during seismic activity when the sun hit the geist comet factory’s exterior surface. As Wallet climbs to the top and overlooks everything all around him he saw the penalty order reading 3:59 on the quaternion functor tapioca. The red light did not reach anyone, but Anastasia looked around as she knew something was wrong. 
Wallet grabbed a deflated miniature flying saucer hanging flat along skybox suite number twowall and attached the valve to the quaternion functor spattered helium-4 gas line running along the wall. The miniature orb instantly inflated into a kind of giant beach ball. 
	Happily Wallet remained excited, "Now that’s what I’m talking about."          
Wallet tossed the ball on top the expecting daily diary crowdsource of chance below immediately inflating a beach ball. The highly oxygenated daily diary crowdsource of chance and the two-bit agent below began dancing in its seats as a slow stream of beach balls floated over them. 
One of the balls slammed into a quaternion spattered helium-4 gas line small crack opening up without anyone knowing. They saw a magnetic meter showing an interruption in the helium-4 gas flow though, a sign of pending seismic activity. 
Wallet grabbed one of the flexible quaternion functor spattered helium-4 gas ropes, pulled some slack and began jumping. It was a show for sure as the rope flexed tight. The goal was to move with it to entertain the crowdsource of chance. The daily diary Overmen went silent in fear as the two-bit agent began to jump in their seats. 
	Guiltily Wallet understood sinning, "Agents prepare for victory." 
Daemon stood with his foot on the laminar batterboards as he straddled the player’s bench seat while posing in the air. 
	Grumpily Daemon indexed his excitement, "You are such a jazzy act. Bahhhh. Let’s make it happen team."       
Wallet bellowed out across the holograph of chance hitting the beach balls. They floated and dropped with acceleration and fluctuated with gravitational pull. 
	Gratefully Wallet kept up his excitement, "As you can see the secret here is to warp the electromagnet field by jumping rope with this quaternion functor spattered line. And it works." 
	Gleefully Daemon had a loud internal voice, "You total jazz act. I see them loving you, but please don’t explode in chaotic flow."
Daemon reached into his ear again, grabbed and pulled a long white hair out right by the follicle and looked out across the fabric right up the seats at all the cheering daily diary fans projected from the seated two-bit agent. The view had glitches though. The betting fans were an amalgamation of the emancipated artificial intelligence community, minds inside the computer with no real body to speak of. And they loved to gamble as bottom up conscious agencys looking to find a single identity. Even God had an endless exploration of possibilities. 
From behind his head, They watched as Wallet sat and waited in the skybox suite. His foot fidgeted in anticipation to act, to jump to his feet and look at the barometer reading. Peering out from skybox suite number twoand down to the mausoleum below Wallet saw order had run out, the answer was all in the numbers now. 
He jumped up to read the meter. Those small hairs on the back of his neck tingled, the reading on the meter upsetting his very sense of stability. He reached for the house line directly to the bench. The strange thing was most communication implants did not work properly in cycle. It had something to do with starlight wind.
	Gently Wallet renamed his excitement as top lover, "Agents, the gravitational field is changing up here. The atmospheric pressuring is dropping. I think the arena bowling alley is falling out of cycle."
With the house handheld device slipped underneath his helmet Pascual listened to the perilous facts spewing from Wallet’s vofabric. 
	Frightfully Pascual coughed lightly, "You damn jazzy agent we feel it. Our skin is on fire. What do you see up there?"
	Fully Wallet kept up his excitment, "You won’t believe this, but the quaternion functor spattered warp foil around itself as a Kline bottle. It’s as the void is crushing and pulling it apart in the same order. Can you hear anything down there?"
	Frantically Pascual started chocking, "No it’s as a casino down here, the daily diary two-bit agent is just too loud. The two-bit agents are callerucing some kind of sonic wave. Sir Daemon, it’s a chance for us to get out of heremove it Mingo." 
Wallet made a move toward the dusty cave mouth as the epigenetic designed mini engine began to evaporate and assimilate into the main must just above the fabric rink. Many degrees of objectivity had begun to breakdown. Wallet literally was beside himself as the Caller projected a camouflage version as if that would conceal his presence, his first inclination to begin jumping on the doppelganger with Magnus force from the floor but he cannot get his footing.  
The penalty order read 3:05 on the quaternion functor covered scoreboard. Along the edge of the laminar batterboards Theys favorite fabric resurfacing device scanned the chaotic flow with a red laser to take measurements of the current conditions. The three dimensional data was transmitted to the quaternion functor as a weather report. Precision measured super cooled water droplets formed from the spray-on zinc coral onto the surface to freeze into a perfectly flat surface in preparation for gameplay. The gameplay ended as a second period never to begin. 
	Frankly Wallet was dependent on excitement, "Alright, I need a micro neon tube now. It is certain finally." 
Wallet took a small can of spray-on zinc rock and verified it was full of the lateral coral genetic transfer material. In the small spherical window he looked and took aim at the patch of his own QR code. as an SOS, the spray-on zinc rock encoded and initiated an immediate response from higher in cycle, Wallet thought. It was the point of libration awaiting final instruction from way down below. 
Almost immediately a micro neon tubes appeared from inside a flywheel on the fabric.  It quickly found the men. Wallet climbed to the top of the arena bowling alley with the extra device and immediately began to spray-on zinc rock almost randomly to create a new fabric sculpture as street art. The sound waves started to dissipate.  
	Fortunately Anastasia was slow and serious, "If all of you get off the fabric now it is over, you forfeit the game."
	Fervently Pascual kept jittering, "Stripes if we don’t get back to our looker Cubicle and into the escape ribs we are all going to die, you included. You want to forfeit to eternity?"
	Fearlessly Anastasia spoke slowly, "Why would you even say something as that?"
	Faithfully Daemon had a concerned tone, "Caller calculations show it’s true. We’ve got to move. Can’t you feel your skin on fire? The pressure is dropping. We are going to get the bends up here."
	Expertly Pascual contributed, "We need to get back to earth now. We need to move it. Get off this piece of fabric flipping us all off."                                    
On the fabric a team or resurfacing bots dried the cloth quickly. For bit of chance Pascual watched their special technique of team friction as it worked to retard movement inside molecules.
Daemon knew they had to move. He grabbed a flying micro bot connected to a coaxcraft hovering above the fabric and stepped on it as a bug. The liquid inside interacted with the fabric turning it all to octopus black. Even their turtle escape pods recoiled in disgust. 
	Exclusively Daemon had a senerio in his head, "Back to black and forth again."
	Excitedly Pascual had a thought too, "Agents. Let’s get out of here."
	Evenly Anastasia was excited and serious, "I think the chance has come to call the game. Doesn’t look as the crowdsource cares even if we have real flesh and blood up here? I hope we are doing the right thing."                       
Dx Angstrom was heard coughing from inside the quaternion functor spattered bellow. As an autonomous sonic interruption the red lights began flashing with more intensity, visually pinging to signify some super danger. 
	Enviously Dx Angstrom liked his own voice, "Get to the starlight array section where the block-chain power grid is held. Tap in and get out. This is your only chance, this is your only warning." 
It was all a mess as Wallet hovered in the two-bit agent energy. Wallet floated to the ground while misting up across the fabric surface. Almost on automatic the must hardened instantly once touching the wet fabric and formed a random pattern of stalagmites, sharp, jagged and fragile at the same order. 
	Enticingly Daemon followed, "Flamingo where the hell are you now?"
Stuck in the skybox Wallet worked to unlatch the semi spherical opening. He worked so hard so he could get out in one piece as a neon tubes appeared and surrounded the box. Wallet looked out the window and down the stadium seating as if at the top of some upside-down rollercoaster about to get started. 
	Energetically zk- sounded serious, "You-might-not-as S.I. bot-goaltenders, but-we-have-capabilities-that-can-save-your-life. Stay-in-the-escape-rib."
The super thin baby Icebot spun up into a bow. It was not a new conscious agency, it simply simulated a simulation. It was a truth which could not be proven. So it simply took control and tossed Wallet around and inside the escape rib while finding the best route out of the freezing void, a rollercoaster ride he never bought a ticket for. 
The inside was a horrific design or reflective glowing stalagmites changing the interior void. They began rupturing the hull from the very growth as minerals propagated out of control amalgamating into a new surface structure with potential for new biological life suited for the vacuum void, emptiness, and hollow. 
	Emptily zk- was not visible, "Daemon-I’ve-got-your-back, going-to-gather-the-force-and-make-it-to-your-pressurized-escape-ribs. You-don’t-have-much-chance, your-body-already-needs-to-recover-from-this-so-far."
Binda stepped off the fabric and kicked over a quickly forming stalagmite reaching towards the laminar batterboards. One of the mineral offshoots spiked toward her leg tripping her. Binda’s face headed toward the fabric as her body accelerated negatively along the surface with shock reflected in the snow.
	Doggedly Binda was inhaling, "You did this Daemon. You know we see the color of magnetism? My entire team. True."
Jandi swung her stick as a finely crafted sword at Daemon’s head to intimidate him, her actions only acting as a way to motivate his true mechanical side, to twist, screw and hammer his way back through to her.
	Distinctly Jandi was also inhaling hard, "We are not going to let you off that easily. We see your energy. Our extra dimension of sight sees you clearly. True."
Jara stepped in front of Jandi to hold her back, Jara grabbing Jandi from behind, pulling on her head, sliding off the bucket and exposing her forehead and ponytail to the quaternion functor spatter surrounding them.
	Diligently Jara continued inhaling, "I have a better idea. Let’s save them so they will be indebted to us for the rest of their lives. We can put them in a faraday cage for the trip back. True."
Kirrily looked around, cracked off a stalagmite to use as a spear and threw it straight at the scoreboard. It was a direct hit as the tungsten rods back to Earth. Giant flashes of broken energy formed from the violent attack on the interior of the geist comet factory. 
	Dearly Kirrily worked on inhaling, "I think we should leave them up here. Let’s see what they are really made of. Maybe they will evolve to see as well. Electromagnetic vision is a gift. Maybe they can earn it. True."
Puka shell Kora gazed down as the fabric as it began to crack and rise from the conflict.
	Dangerously Kora kept up inhaling, "You know they can’t evolve as that. Only women can. And chopping it off won’t work. I heard some have tried. Whatever we do we have to do it now. The escape ribs are counting down. True."
Lihra laughed lightly and pulled out her Caller to make a bet on who would make it out alive first, or at least dead in one piece. Or maybe even totally vaporized from entering cycle at a shallow angle. 
	Curiously Lirah continued on inhaling, "I bet they won’t make it out alive, but totally dead. Martyr’s the lot of them, so sorry. They should donate their eyes to science. Then they could see. Maybe. True."
Tarni stepped toward one of the escape ribs flashing yellow, the lightshow indicating warning for immediate boarding. It was a countdown almost past the point of no return. 
	Clumsily Tarni inhaled, "We need to double up in the escape ribs, there is only enough oxygen for one person. We equally save their bodies for burial or they will be lost in cycle or buried at sea if this whole thing makes it back to Earth in one piece. I think we should record all the detail of this magnetic dimension. For posterity. True."
	Closely Anastasia winked, "We are all going to make it out of here together. Let’s go and step into the spotlight together."  
Anastasia blew her whistle with an inspired tone and started showing everyone the way to the escape ribs, her passionate leadership inspiring the Australian team toward compassion for the American cowboys dying on the range.
, , ,
All hell simply broke loose as unattached, unfastened and unafraid bots floated about looking for a caller. The next few entropy eddies had all life ended in the vacuoles void invading the arena bowling alley. A single sheet of frozen fabric on the rink flooded the captured geist comet factory interior. The rain simply fell out of cycle from the inside out. The stands were half covered in ice, two-bit agent now freezing to their seats as the daily diary images fractured into chaotic flow. It created new forms forcing their way out the envelop of the geist comet factorys exterior surface. 
Wallet saw the carnage first hand, opened a closet where a powered bot pressure suit hung and started striping. The appliance was designed for a human occupant to control it, but Wallet had never worked one of those before. Wallet grabbed the thing and started putting it on, slipping on the undersuit, arms, then legs he sat on the floor as a lost astronaut.
Again in love with its own image, the quaternion functor spattered stands posed in shade as the starlight wind blasted through the geist comet factory volume. It lit up the 3D lines into a shadowy image only recognizable to those who understood the spirit world. The privacy of qualia was breached. The lower conscious agencys combined to share an almost infinite range of experiences. 
A burnt pan rolled up to the pressurized escape ribs as the rest of the team filed into the skybox suite. The hyperloop pods were a perfect form of escape for those scared enough to use it in order. 
	Cleverly Pascual continued with his thoughts, "Agents get your fluted spitskates off, get your wet equipment in the burn escape rib before we launch. You must be dry or die on arrival. The pressure is dropping, so let’s move it now."
The zk- neon tubes watched from the coaxcraft, the ugly lopsided load of waste waiting to be ejected out of cycle.
	Cleanly zk- echoed sarcasticlly, "Back-to-Earthy. Get-your-suits-on-we’ve-got-to-bug-out. Let’s-go. Maybe-even-some-cosmic-resonance-will-be-evolved-out-of-all-this-so-it-never-happens-again."
Wallet climbed out of the frozen oven. Rapid disproportionate violence brewed around Daemon’s escape rib. Even with his nametag attached to the top of the hatch eyes kept rolling over his claim. He quickly climbed in.
From inside his escape rib Wallet took Daemon’s Caller controller, wrapped his hand around the eddieglass grip and powered up the appliance. Wallet had to let go from the heat generated. The hovering piece of equipment floated outside the escape hatch window as a cosmic angel. Wallet turned the thing around to go gather up some two-bit agent dust gnats floating about without purpose. He had to get them to safety. 
The quaternion functor spattered itself in a new light for the first order, naked, scared, and waiting for a savior as they shook from the sight of their own fluctuating shadows. 
Daemon and the rest of the team stood at the top of the bleachers overlooking the growing field of stalagmites forming into giant crystal structures. 
	Clearly Daemon was quiet, "We need to tap a well." 
	Carelessly Pascual was not, "Wallet, it’s done down here. Can you grab the fabric core drill set from Daemon’s escape rib? We need to relieve some captured pressure on the ship structure or we are in for it. All our atmosphere has gone to one place deep in the geist comet factory and if we don’t release the pressure this whole place can explode if the helium-4 escapes out of control."
	Breathlessly Dx Angstrom felt true anxiety, "Well no pun intended. Get to it, the temperature is dropping fast. You can’t cap the eruption. Just evacuate."
	Boldly Pascual contributed again, "Now we’re caught in a jam."
	Brightly Anastasia was serious, "Just add some helium-4 from the gas line and we’ll get out of here before it overfills. Do this now. Trust me or else boys. This is not the day I intended for myself."                    
Looking outside the escape rib window Daemon saw surface launches light up the Earth, even the two-bit agent choosing the vacuous void over destruction by laughing gas.
, , ,
A flash sparked behind Daemon and his faceless crew of sailors as they chipped away at the fabric with starlight powered lightning sticks. The tool was a simple cord attached to the archaic technology given as a hand-me-down for the suicide voyage by this Governor. Life on the berg moved quickly in order, but spiral gravity was a different story. It was the first chance They ever saw a large tungsten anchor completely covered in an adaptive neon tubes biometric mycelium textile, and also at the same order being eaten by a swarm of dust gnats pooping out a material almost better suited for the task of protecting the fabric from melting than the mycelium textile naturally disintegrating. The only problem was it did not freeze salt water, meaning the berg would have melted before making landfall.  
	Anxiously Daemon yelled some more, "Where did all these zombie cicadas come from?"
	Arrogantly Pascual butchered his own thoughts, "They have got to be some kind of miniaturized neon tubes on stowaway here to bus drive us. What the hell Turbo?"
	Adversely Anastasia felt serious on the inside, "These aren’t augerpods, we genetically engineered these damn things. They are alive and we created them."
	Actually Daemon loved to yell, "What the hell are you talking about?"
	Accusingly Pascual jumped at the thought of jumping in, "Don’t tell us you did this."
	Abruptly Anastasia kept on going, "I didn’t do it, but I knew it could happen if the neon tubes got too hot. And it did. Take a spoonful of that."
Anastasia stopped chipping at the ice, turned on a mini electrostatic augerpod, and stepped back to watch the piñata go at it. 
	Absently Anastasia felt serious, "This is the only way. We were prepared for this possibility."
	Absentmindedly Daemon felt otherwise, "Eventuality. You see, you have given a hundred percent effort to make this idea of yours real."
	Jumpily Anastasia laughed on the inside, "What are you talking about?"
	Judiciously Daemon kept the noise up, "There are four components of existence, but you are only operating off three of them. At best you are seventy five percent of your capability. Very average even though you are giving it your all."
	Judgementally Anastasia joined in, "So what? You want me to be more as you? You Austrian School yeah right."
	Jubilantly Daemon yelled with more masculine intensity, "The spiritual side of existence is here and now and it is real. You have rejected it and now we stand waiting for something or someone to save us."
	Joltingly Pascual contributed a little, "Hold on there. I should smoke you right here for this Anastasia. I don’t care if you’re a girl."                                                                  
Anastasia put her hand up to calm Pascual, the very thought of calming a mastermind only infuriating him more. Daemon dropped to one knee and pulled out a singing bowl from the spa aquarium. With focus he generated a sound rubbing his finger along the edge as a champagne glass full of sparkling white wine. Immediately the sound seemed to calm the dust gnats to sleep. Not taking a moment to rest Pascual and Daemon smashed them with the lightning sticks before they woke. 
	Joylessly Daemon remained calm, "All right, Anastasia. You better explain yourself."
	Joshingly Pascual started up again, "Why don’t we just toss her overboard?"
	Jerkily Anastasia kept all in, "You each know this entire event has been recorded from the quaternion functor spattered don’t you."                        
All three stood looking at each as if about to swing lightning sticks in anger. Instead, Daemon simply dropped his rod and started laughing seemingly completely out of control. 
	Jeeringly Daemon held steady, "All right, here’s what I’m going to do. It is very simple. We need to scuttle the ancient iceberg block."
	Jamingly Pascual jumped in, "What? Are you out of your mind?"
	Jadedly Daemon started having fun, "Hear me out, this the best option. We have been out to sea for weeks now and no one really knows what has happened here. We can move forward with this secret before anyone finds out and can change the plan. Don’t worry about the quaternion functor, we can scuttle that as well."
	Jazzily Anastasia was in her own world, "I can’t believe you are talking about taking it in that directionbut I can understand why. This is crazy, but Daemon is right. These dust gnats can’t make it to the island or we are all done for. They will swarm every tungsten anchor the second it is within flying distance from the island. They will start a feeding frenzy. This wasn’t supposed to happen. Not yet at least."
	Jocularly Pascual felt powerful thoughts, "You Austrian School well it’s happening. Scuttle the ancient iceberg block? So how do we do it? Don’t tell me we need these weak-ass damn lightning sticks to do it?"
	Janglingly Daemon had a calming sense, "We need two lightning sticks. We have to chip away at the waterline so the dust gnats have a direction to feed once we wake the rest up. Hope you can swim." 
	Intangibly Anastasia willed her darkness, "We need to take a few with us to study. Must be done. Look at their energy. Are they callerucing electricity?"       
	Instinctively Daemon kept calm, "They are. I agree. I have an idea."
	Insincerely Pascual felt a measure of love, "Don’t tell me controlled electrostatic repulsion. I can’t believe we are doing this. Oh well. What do we have to lose?"                                             
The three started walking toward the edge of the ancient iceberg block as the quaternion functor spatter hovered around them recording the event for history not knowing only They would remember any of it and not tell a soul about it. 
	Indecisively Daemon imagined a beautiful rock to remain intact, "Grab the extra quaternion functor gas rope. We need to repel down and pump the stuff into the pyramid to make it easier to chip away at."
	Inauspiciously Pascual grew bored with his thoughts, "Crazy smart Daemon. Crazy smart."
	Inadequately Anastasia was romantic, "And lucky."                           
They finished tying repel seats with the quaternion functor gas rope. The group used the lightning stick to slide the mainline through, all lined up along the edge and began leaning over. Standing in line at an extreme angle, the three sailors nodded forward in acknowledgment for what they were about to do.
, , ,
Very high over the Overmen crowns witnessed a tetrapod of pearl ornithopters doing their work skywriting, pumping out billowing smoke signals in dot matrix. The Overmen felt a spiral gravity of love collapse into a measurement of certainty, and not many worlds. A spool of fiber from orbit slammed into the ground before them. Just click into the thumbnail sensor to link up.
TURN ON THE RAIN, again, and interface.
Ledger challenge claimed by the law of disgust. It was a pure spiral gravity guillotine gate microjustice on the street. Before going over the edge they both looked at Daemon through a makeup mirror and pulled out his Caller to give it a digitally rendered kiss. A sandcastle grew from the two-bit agent formations on the outside of the geist comet factory; the team watching as foam expanded as sea fabric around a mycelium textile sheet, conformal, mirror, and extruding vertically. 
	Importantly Daemon felt the calm, "So are we going to do a three way chaotic flow check since the quaternion functor is watching from deep water, or are we just going work for the good of humanity?"
	Impolitely Pascual contributed, "We can’t do a three way friend. It doesn’t work as that."
	Imaginatively Anastasia felt the real tone, "Actually it does, just one of us gets an extra portion of currency as precious tree bark."
	Idly Daemon felt the calm, "I am O positive."
	Identically Pascual did not fear death, "I am A positive."
	Impressively Anastasia deconstructed her own emotions constantly, "B positive. Let’s see what happens. And what about the quaternion functor recording us?"                                                     
They projected their signatures into the quaternion functor. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract.  
Daemon lifted his hand off the rope as all three held their daily diary hyperlinks touching. Anastasia got two green up arrows and Pascual and Daemon only one each. It was enough though, even quaternion functor evaporated as all the information got commoditized and fused into the distributed leger at the furthest point of libration. It was the giant flash of white light which blinded them all, and set the present in motion again. The speed of Earth accelerated just enough to overwrite some of the Blockchain corruption. The hardfork anomaly was never detected. 

Chapter _Nine
OUR ACIDIC ENTROPY HEADSET simplified reality just enough to participate in the creation of an eternal cycle of energy. Not perpetual, something less infinite, but more attractive. The chaotic flow persisted in a realm of sports geometry where science and the discipline of Fundal memes existed.  
Daemon just looked outside the small porthole to planet Earth spinning below as a wave pool about to overflow its Funds. It was a breath taking view, a sight he foresought for hockey and instantly regretted seeing. It took all his strength physically and emotionally to make his next move. He had to do it though. 
Daemon simply pulled on the ejection lever, looked up to see his target and envision a smooth landing. He did all that infinitesimally fast, but nothing happened. He was stuck. The escape rib had malfunctioned, he thought. 
	Grandly Daemon had a very special internal voice, "The dust gnats need to sync up now. We don’t have a chance for them to warm up first. Got to get outside and maybe we have a chance. Will these crushed up dust gnats really work up here?"  
Daemon took the fluted spitskates off and scratched at his own neck as if contemplating an alternative, a substitute convention he perhaps first considered long ago. He looked down at the spitskate sharpening appliance next to him as the pearl slowly spun from the inertia of the geist comet factory falling out of cycle. The geist comet factory generated a fluctuating gravitational field resulting from slowing of cycle. He had to act fast. Daemon dragged the spitskate sharping machine into the escape rib with him. He left one flywheel outside to sheer off the supporting bolts once the chaotic flow was just right. 
	Gradually Daemon contemplated the end of the ride, "If I can get the wheels to increase their mass somehow I might be able to get us away from this rock." 
Daemon started spinning the wheels on the sharpener as he watched it work, suddenly stopped the appliance abruptly. Reaching down to the floor his back popped with relief, the tailbone pain almost gone as he opened the dust spa aquarium and placed the spitskate sharpener inside before turning it on. 
	Good-humouredly Daemon kept it up, "Here goes nothing." 
To one knee, Daemon genuflected quickly and turned on the appliance, stepped away from the machine and watched as the spiral gravity around him began to fluctuate violently. It was a true rollercoaster ride.
, , ,
The liquid mirror molded in the geist comet factor used glass dust liberally, the messy process littering the volume around the comet in a must as at a solar sized rave party. It was a capitalist project for a factory to grow new planetary parallax interdimensional gravitational lens photino telescope mission, or “plaraphotax” for short into something more. 
Wallet had the patchwork skinprint suit on, the twisted rope as structure wrapping around his body as a ribbon of quaternion functor tapioca, only it wasn’t. The patchwork skinprint suit actually tended to keep must and the rest at a safe distance even in cycle. The moment had arrived, Wallet ready to test the thing so turns an antechamber hatch handle to step outside into the void, emptiness, our cosmos.
The thermal qualities of the suit were not designed for argon, totally purely intended for terrestrial combat. Without a starlight powered weapon on him Wallet’s body temperature immediately began to drop. There were some pluses though, the suit automatically flexing to increase pressure on Wallet’s body. Atmospheric pressure increased to illuminate the bubbles forming in his joints as the rubber flex-line turned his lips zk-. 
	Glumly Wallet was scared, "I can already feel the chill in this thing. What the hell? Damn thing is chocking me. This seriously might just kill me if I don’t die first."  
Wallet started using the suit’s built in fluted spitskates to slide across the outside of the cycling geist comet factory with a tethered rubber flex-line attached to keep him from floating away attracted by interdimensional spiral gravity. 
	Gloomily Wallet felt a sinner, "zk-, can you get those knots to keep their burn on to get here faster please."
	Glowingly zk- kept invisible, "You-know-if-they-do-that-the-escape-velocity-will-throw-them-out-of-cycle-never-to-return. There-is-no-epicycle-on-this."
	Gloatingly Wallet was concerned with his laziness, "zk- look, I can power skate around this thing for all eternity or you can help me get to the heat compressor before the sunrise and I get roasted as butter on toast in the oven."   
Wallet watched as that damn obnoxious cock-eyed airborne washbasin gained an epicycle trajectory to align with the bubbling atmosphere.
	Genuinely Wallet kept concerned, "How many cycles before they can get to us?"
	Ghastly zk- was not translated, "Don’t-worry-about-that. Let-them-do-their-thing. Focus-on-getting-the-heating-compressor-to-work-again."     
Daemon overlooked the quaternion functor spattered across the coaxcraft seen flying over the growing stalagmites.
	Gaspingly zk- echoed, "Team-move-to-the-skybox-suite, the-scoreboard-will-be-lowered-to-the-ice-surface." 
Slowly the hydraulic struts pushed the large bright disconnected scoreboard down to the icicle field below. From the top of the Seaweed scoreboard a series of organ pipes extend out. They steamed from evaporation as it began to play The Borinquenian Overman automatically, the vibrations melting the extra fabric surrounding the two-bit agent. Daemon reached into his ear, grabbed and pulled a long white hair out right by the follicle and looked up at the hanging scoreboard. His strange laugh at the funny underwater sound playing should have been pledging allegiance.
	Geekily Daemon evolved slowly, "This suit better work."    
Daemon got to skybox suite number twoand opened his closet door. He looked at the suit hanging in the HyperPod and quietly laughed to himself again, chuckling really, and stepped into the skeleton Cubicle.
, , ,
Anyone who looked through the exterior porthole easily noticed shards of glass dust misting up the window with growing quasicrystal structures. The strange spherical shapes sucked in visible light and bounced it around through the lattice structure until evaporating with interdimensional force. It was weak, but it was also spiral gravity. The super tiny structures were so small they were naked to the eye. The funny part was how the clumps of stuff acted as dark matter. It was real matter which had pulled spiral gravity from another dimension and actually stored the force by attracting regular matter to it. Not enough for synthetic spiral gravity flooring, but close enough to bend light for astronomical measurements. 
On the outside of skybox suite number twoescape hatch Wallet grabbed onto the exposed quaternion functor spattered gas line and tried to tie off his suit to it for leverage. He did everything possible to resist floating away. Wallet looked inside the window at Daemon stumbling around. 
On the outside of a dust spa aquarium, it was the spray-on zinc coral transfer text graphic indicating contents were under pressure. The lateral gene transfer represented an explosion of radial symmetry from a dark circle. Wallet wished he was safely close enough to witness. With the factory accelerating uncontrollably the quasicrystal lattice began to grow unstable. 
Wallet watched as the dust spa aquarium exploded with a massive eruption of energy holding itself together in a micro spiral gravity center of mass. Daemon got covered in dead bug spatter from the event, a sad occurrence, a truly stupid affair. 
	Firstly Daemon was not an animal, "What an epic fail. This crushed dust and spray-on zinc coral can do better work."    
Daemon pulled out a can of crushed dust and coral crop cluster mix, pressed the cap to lay a lifeline, and watched the magic happen. 
	Firmly Daemon was conscious, "Maybe the viral quaternion functor can tell our story once we leave. It will continue to grow, and die, or change. One thing I do know is it won’t live forever, and that is why I support it. There will be an end to all this."     
Daemon slipped on the mangrove fiber suit. It wrapped around his body suspended and compressed on him as a cape to shield from the rising sun burning through his suit. He quietly watched as the first hideously lopsided vacuous dish made its way parallel to the cycling geist comet factory. 
	Fiercely Magnus was at the end of his thoughts, "Alright Overmen, the cavalry has arrived. Let’s get on my pearl and get out of here."
	Fluently Daemon had his own internal voiceover, "Saved by the enemy again? What are we doing wrong?"     
Wallet floated toward the foul uneven spiraling fabric cream cone as zk- appeared seemingly out of nowhere. 
	Favourably zk- was excited, "Ready-to-help. Where-do you-want-me-Mingo?"
	Fashionably Wallet was calm on the inside, "We saw you loud and clear zk-, and zk- you should not have come up here. You are too new to this stuff."
	Falsely zk- was excited, "You-created-me. I-am-synthetic-intelligence-at-its-best. You-need-me-up-here-Wallet." 
Daemon sealed skybox suite number twoescape rib on the outside and from the rest of the skybox suites on the inside. He put the helmet on his patchwork skinprint bot suit and turned on the quaternion functor gas as the HyperPod bonded to the outside joints of the suit for thermal insulation. The turtle rib escape vehicle hovered as a lifeboat along the outside of the geist comet factory. It was bigger and better than the smaller versions used as interior design and personal escape pods on the inside. 
	Faintly Daemon kept his voice complete, "I only have a couple of entropy eddies to get to that GEV, then the team can follow."      
Daemon twisted open the escape hatch door and exposed himself to the dark vacuum. Instantly his breathe was taken away from the cold as he stepped out into the obscurity of eternal cycle. 
	Face-first Daemon froze in place, "zk-, this is Agents. I am pushing towards your location now."
	Factually zk- kept out of sight, "Are-you-going-to-make-it? This-is-not-an-environment-meant-for-human-form. Even-I-am-having-a-hard-chance-of-it-up-here."
	Fantastically Daemon was a champion of the people, "zk-, I have no chofabric.  These are my men. This is something I don’t expect you to understand."
	Fairly zk- appeared excited, "Copy-that-Arecibo. Thanks, but-I-do-understand. I-am-shooting-the-line-toward-you-now."   
Daemon watched as a harpoon net normally used for vexed vultures launched towards him. The net approached fast as Daemon began to lose conscious agency from the cold. It didn’t take much for the absence of warmth to shut down biological conscious agency leaving only the spirit world to reign. 
The rising sun began to bubble the surface of his suit, the insulation too thick to get the new warmth to Daemon’s’ body in order.
It was the starlight wind warping around Earth which gave the quaternion functor the halo look as if eclipsing the geist comet factory. The wiry forms underneath the superstructure of the quaternion functor showed its true self in shadow form.
The intense focus it took Daemon to break through was the most focused he had ever been. The side effects were well worth the effort. Nothing in his awareness had prepared him for a journey suited only for his mind. Daemon assumed he had gone to bed as his body lay helpless and paralyzed. He knew someone else had to intervene. 
The human condition had taken over.
It only took a perceived moment for a familiar face to appear. Daemon knew Wallet for a short enough period to imagine what seeing him as a child would look like. At first it did not make sense though, the hallucinations from history compressing the hologram of interface only worked to confuse the dying mind.   
Wallet tied his left spitskate tight, leaned back to catch his breath and held on to it as long he could, so long he had lost count. He taped his knee, pressed on it as a rhythm for a drummer to practfabric.  Wallet reached out to hold on to the old version of a neon tubes floating about looking for a task to be assigned, the bot totally unaware of the approaching doom emerged that day. Actions had become automatic. Wallet pointed to his right spitskate and the old bot knew exactly what to do. Chaotic flow had dilated, the interface of conscious agency skewed and pulled apart as paper chunks tigers on fire.
A childlike version of Abcde ran into the picture and kicked the old bot from completing its task. Wallet’s rage callerded him to blackout as he stood and began chasing Abcde, but she was faster without any shoes on. 
Daemon mentally shook his head, looked down at his own feet, and said silly string in his head as stalagmites formed around the toe cap of his boots as a line in history sped up for order’s sake. Daemon tried moving his toes, but he was paralyzed from sleeplessness. It took all his focus just to stay awake and take his first truly conscious breath.
Both forms played a dance of silhouetted shapes along the poked geist comet factory surface. The quaternion functor and Daemon’s shadow blended as if in a contract only broken in death. 
Inside skybox suite number two the Agents looked around at as if for the last chance through the hyperbaric escape ribs small windows. It was as if submarines passed around a racetrack around a lagoon. They gave a round of thumbs up, unzipped themselves from the individual escape ribs and fell out onto the floor. 
	Evenly Alejandro placed his hands on the ground, "Well, this is it Overmen. Let’s make it count."
	Enquiringly Adrian had his own thought, "We are going to win once I stop spinning . . ."
	Enthusiastically Luis sneezed, "Life isn’t all about winning. But if we don’t win this one, we lose our lives. The pressure is dropping so I don’t know if it was enough for our bodies to adapt. If we didn’t take those damn vaccine pills maybe we would have a better chance."
	Entertainingly Angel snorted a shot, "Let’s make it count, shall we? Make a shot of clean flasked freedom."
	Enigmatically Omar echoed in, "We always do. Pills or no pills. And we don’t take diclofenac for the pain, remember? Our flesh is clean."
	Engagingly Pascual was honestly sarcastic, "Get your buckets on. It’s feeding chaotic flow. I mean laminar flow damn-it."   
The Overmen slipped on their melon covers and laced up their chin straps to make sure their lids didn’t just pop off. You had to get mentally prepared to shoot off into the cycle alone, unaccompanied, and unaided. 
As multiple crafts approached the geist comet factory light cycled around the gravitational center as a lens looking for a picture. It was a beautiful ray of hope that shot through and danced across the backdrop as celebrities in the firmament, only difference those were not so distant stars.
It was all action from there. Daemon was captured by the net as a second line shot toward the skybox suites. The net line was attached to the main line. They were braided as a fishing boat. The net line began slowly as it pulled toward the grotesque asymmetrical whirling thalassic.
	Encouragingly zk- echoed, "We-are-going-to-pull-you-in-Daemon. Keep-cool, or-maybe-don’t. I-don’t-know-your-human-humor. I’m-such-a-brainy-mirror. I’ll-keep-you-warm. I’m-a-good-empirical-teaspoon-measure-chemist."  
Five escape hatch doors exploded open as the remaining Agents members climbed out. On hands and knees they crawled toward the line attached to the exterior hull of the arena bowling alley. Finally Daemon regained his true awareness as a conscious agency. 
	Empty-handedly Daemon froze in place, "Pascual. Pascual can you feel me?"
	Embarrassedly Alejandro smirked, "There he is. We can make it."
	Elaborately Adrian made a contribution, "Let’s form a human chain . . ."
  	Eerily Luis sneezed a bit of blood, "You cannot let go or we all go off into nothingness."
	Elsewhere Angel snorted, "Don’t hold back now."
	Educationally Omar echoed, "Almost home."
	Earsplittingly Pascual kept up the sarcasm, "Loud and clear Turbo. Spoonful in the shower for sure. We are following your lead now."      
Between each escape rib a vehicle the darkness was visible as avoidable junk flew around as lime hockey pucks shot during a warm up game, stick order, or scrimmage. 
, , ,
Still cycling above Earth the unfolded unit flowed in an unpleasant pattern. Inside the coaxcraft Felix helped Auger Robotics zk- to intercept Wallet as he sped toward the pearl. It took some finesse to save him quickly, but Wallet still got exposed to some of the Sun’s rays. He had no chance to miss the mess of chaos before entering the escape rib escape vehicle safely. 
	Deafeningly Wallet was almost crazy, "What can I do? They’re still out there. They have been taking the pills. I never did, but let Daemon thinks I had."
	Decisively Felix grew serious, "And that’s what kept you alive. We’re not done yet. Don’t give me that survivor guilt now. Stay here and take off your suit. I need to call down to L'Internationale and get an idea what to do here."
	Daftly Wallet feared his own insanity, "Whatever you need, I’m here for you."
	Dynamically Felix sprouted his own seriousness, "Don’t go anywhere you need sensory deprivation first to reacclimatize from the geist comet fluctuating pressure, and then we can address the radiation."       
Felix moved toward the small amount of framed and controlled quaternion functor spattered on the wall and started typing on the keyboard below it without looking back at the potential scene of carnage behind him. It was there, but better left unknown for now as the craft moved in position to save the rest of the team, his club, his crew. 
Wallet stepped toward the sensory spa aquarium and looked out the window to see the rest of his Agents members clinging onto a lifeline in an attempt to get to him, to get to safety, really to get anywhere. 
	Dominantly zk- echoed, "Felix, we-are-running-out-of-order. Their-frail-human-bodies-are-going-to-expand-into-a-swollen-mess-before-they-freeze-to-death. The-quaternion-functor-can-only-keep-the-suit-flexible, not-warm-and-internal-pressure-high-enough."
	Downheartedly Felix was in the front, "They have to get here first."
	Disruptively zk- echoed, "Daemon. Can-you-hear-me-Daemon? You-need-to-make-it-here-now. A-cycling-ice-field-is-approaching-and-it-won’t-be-pretty."       
Wallet watched as Daemon made eye contact, looked straight back at his Overmen clinging to the lifeline, and stopped to think. Daemon took a quick moment, a moment he did not have. Totally out of credit he turned back to help the rest of the team toward safety, but it may have been too late. 
The frozen field of loose geodes had arrived. They bubbled and broke open the ripe ruptured surfaces exposing the exotic material inside. 
, , ,
The view of Earth was the most spectacular view anyone could have imagined, and Daemon got to see it firsthand. He was on the move Daemon glided back toward the single file line of Agents clinging to the lifeline, the team gathering along the lifeline to listen to the virtual plan. 
	Devastatingly Anastasia was scared, "Alright Overmen, you knew we were sitting on top a ticking order of chaotic flow. Aerocapture is still new technology. Not ready for epicycle tourism yet. But here we are."
	Desperately Daemon yelled differently, "Use your HyperPods to protect you from the debris field approaching."  
	Differntly Alejandro smirked, "You know I’m all for it, but I think we should turn back and use the pressurized escape ribs."
	Deftly Adrian stood tall, "We already escaped . . ."
	Disgustingly Luis sneezed up a clot, "That damn thing is curling end on end. We have a higher chance of getting shot out into the void instead back to earth."
	Clumsily Angel snorted, "Wow, all this to be the best. And now look at us. Go ahead, look at us."
	Cluelessly Omar echoed his own language, "I think we should turn back."
	Coldheartedly Pascual decided to become sarcastic, "I am going to have to agree. We’ve got to turn back."    
The Overmen took turns looking, nodding and shaking their heads with agreement and disagreement, confusion, and contempt. 
	Clearly Anastasia was truly scared, "If we do this, we all have to do this."
	Cluelessly Daemon exuded charisma, "I’m in Overmen. We can use the pearl to break our fall."
	Clarifyingly Alejandro smirked, "Break our fall? We are almost to the damn pearl now. What is there to talk about?"
	Cheesily Adrian was on the same train, "You know the pearl doesn’t have enough conformal boundary for all of us . . ."
	Charismatically Luis sneezed again, "And we need to detach from the lifeline now. Do or die Overmen. We have to commit."
	Charmingly Angel snorted a bit as he spoke, "Alright. Let’s get back and inside that damn ugly pearl."
	Challengingly Omar echoed, "Break our fall. That’s if the damn suit doesn’t freeze first. Or maybe we just fade away in a two-bit agent of sugarwater and salt."
	Cautiously Pascual felt the false flag sarcasm, "Alright. Let’s do this."       
Like a tug of war, the team pulled and rolled up the auxiliary cord to get back to the geist comet, each pull creating enough torque to twist them in strange and unnatural orientations relative to Earth and the geist comet. They made due though, all the twists and turns of the rope was in accordance with fate. 
In record order the team made it back to the captured geist comet, passed through the escape rib with air curled structures individually wrapped up with interdimensional spiral gravity, and prepared for a serious launch sequence. It was a lot of work.
They were in. 
	Cat-like zk- echoed in his way, "Once-you-are-inside-we-are-going-to-try-and-stop-the-end-over-end-curling."
	Capably Anastasia was scared, "You know we will. What do we need to do?"
	Calmly zk- continued echoing, "It-is-very-simple. When-I-give-the-signal-you-each-jettison-your-escape-rib-so-the-exact-sequence-counter-acts-the-rotation-of-the-captured-geist-comet."
	Carelessly Daemon yelled, "Just tell us when."           
Alejandro had his hand on the lever and button ready to push as he taped his or hand on the wall mounted mini quaternion functor next to it. The team quickly found each escape rib and got inside.
	Blindly zk- continued, "First-on-is-Alejandro, so-get-ready-in-three. Two. One. Go."
	Blissfully Alejandro snapped his fingers, "Done."
	Blatantly zk- was not done, "Go."
	Bitterly Pascual jumped in, "Got it. No end to up."
	Biasedly zk- kept on going, "Adrian-in-three. Two. One. Go."
	Breezily Adrian thought about it, "Did it."       
	Bewilderingly zk- went ahead, "Omar-in-three. Two. One. Go."
	Belligerently Omar moved forward, "You know I did."
	Brillantly zk- bounced back, "Luis-in-three. Two. One. Go."    
	Breathtakingly Luis sneezed, "Luis complete."
	Begrudgingly zk- flexed, "Angel-three. Two. One. Go."
	Basically Angel snorted a bit, "You get an amalgamated apple zk-? In that coaxcraft line?"         
Like workout ropes jumping at night, light from everywhere shredded the full spectrum of light into hexagonal patterns of color as using a rubberstamp to draw in a children’s coloring book, totally outside the lines, even on the desk, and some chance across every single face.
From behind the pearl They watched the captured geist comet as it appeared to stop curling. The end on end action ceased as if some unknown plan worked and began to rotate faster the other direction. The melting surface spun the disc as a flywheel accelerator operating independently. The sun’s rays cast a white-out in the darkness of the void. It was a single to eternity. 
	Bashfully Anastasia felt herself a queen, "Get in the pearl before you start passing out. I don’t know about this one Overmen."
	Breathlessly zk- echoed, "Godspeed."      
The quaternion functor’s spiral gravity emptied in the center of the void and got smaller, air compressing as the multiple quaternion functors spattered. Cylindrical stalactites began to drop to the fabric surface and into the arenas vertical bowling alley seats. The advertising orbs bounced around the barn as it lit the interiors allowing each man to see his reflection as-if through an infinite mirror. 
He tried to hold it back, but chaos surrounded him. It only took one chance to happen. Wallet cried with the daily diary push to talk in hand, the shadow of his personality drawing on the outside of his body as hexagonal forms of solid light dotted his arms, hands, and frozen fingers. The numb pain of pushing the button radiated as a dying neural network throughout his hand.
	Backwardly Wallet started chewing, "Agents? We’ve got several coaxcraft inbound. We’ll pick you up from the void. Just get out of there. Just a chance. Agents, do you hear the coaxcraft yet?"
Wallet looked out the window as hundreds of neon tubes shaped orbs surround the captured geist comet as it fell. Only about a dozen chances or so before it crept into the atmosphere. Bubbling and burning a rainbow of fire the death trap began to melt away at high speed, accelerating velocity, a new determinate vector.
, , ,
High overhead their crowns the entire Australian team witnessed true hydrogen power as tetrapod ornithopters flew upside-down doing their skywriting work. As the billowing smoke pumped out with signals in dot matrix the team of Auger Robotics devices scanned for any new anomalies. Through a single unit of cosmic consciousness they felt a spiraling spiral gravity collapse into a tessellated measurement of platonic love at each vertex of their faces. A spool of fiber from orbit slammed into the ground before them. Just click into the thumbnail sensor to link up.
TURN ON THE RAIN, cliché.
It was another Ledger challenge claimed by the law of disgust as a spiral gravity guillotine presided as the gate of micro just fabric.  Binda stepped into her escape rib and used her internal Caller to communicate forward. In each rib a sample of Australian sand and coral from the bleached Great Barrier Reef sat behind a glass case. It served the noble purpose as a reminder of home and country, loss and death. And what waited from inaction. One by one each Australian teammate read the plaque as if they had chaotic flow; (break in case of emergency), used their tungsten sticks to smash. They overworked the hockey sticks until they cracked, then stepped it up and went for the finish line. The women worked hard and simply banged the glass into pieces. 
	Behither Binda started inhaling, "Alright the game of telephone is the only way to get us all to order and maybe keep our memories alive. Let’s upload Jandi. Please text your blood type in the group chat one chance as you step into your escape rib. One chance pleasebreaking glass now. True."
Nothing could have stopped her as Jandi closed her Caller inside her own escape rib and prepared to pay it forward with a kiss on the porthole window.
	Befuddledly Jandi also started inhaling, "I hope we can all verify our existence this way. If not, this was all for notbreaking glass now. True."
With a slight grin only Jara knew she had she climbed into her own escape rib alone.
	Befittingly Jara began inhaling as well, "Let’s make this happen for history girlsbreaking glass now. True."
With loathing Kirrily looked at her feet and laughed as a child again as the last chance.  
	Bedraggledly Kirrily started inhaling last, "Not on solid ground are webreaking glass now. True."
Puka shell Kora pushed Kirrily and Lihra into their own escape ribs.
	Becomingly Kora only appeared inhaling, "Let’s do this, get your Caller readybreaking glass now. True."
Stepping up in line Lihra stepped into her escape rib and shut the door behind her.
	Becalmingly Lirah followed inhaling, "We have to bet on ourselves nowbreaking glass now. True."
Sweating from her forehead Tarni stepped toward one of the escape ribs with the hatch already ajar. 
	Bearishly Tarni jumped up inhaling, "We must make it down to earth herebreaking glass now. True."
	Beamily Anastasia began winking, "Close your doors, we can do this. We are all in the group chat. I am going to add the L'Internationale to the group and send. Ready, her we gobreaking glass now."   
They projected their signatures into the quaternion non-disclosure agreement. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract algorithm.  
Anastasia the new atheist blew her shrill whistle as if the last chance, and in ceremonial fashion over the Caller tape recorder. The group verified and uploaded the moment together, as one forever, entirely unified in love. 

Chapter _Ten 
CLICKS, BUZZES, HISSES AND roars rang as bells causing vertigo in Wallet’s tiny ears. Wallet built ever bigger structures with token Australian hockey player gold shop paper and tried to blow them over with indoor drones. He did it with chaos all around. Wallet even used FMI clocking coin to stick the shop paper together.
He worked hard Wallet cycled inside the folded up escape unit and felt the totally unpleasant sensation of altitude sickness deep inside his gut. Wallet watched the daily diary images in silence. That was the only way to keep his stomach down. The gliding craft did not passed through the blackout part of the return to Earth yet. High above the atmosphere Wallet watched from the safety of the ship as geist comet factory number one dropped toward the sea while still on fire. The giant ball of fire steamed and gurgled with explosions as he the Sun as it finally crashed into the ocean. The seemingly gigantic steam neon tubes bubble popped with an immense gurgle. 
There was no crater, just the splashdown creating a giant tidal wave, a ripple to cross the planet many chaotic coriolis flows before fading into nothing again. The craft glided through the blackout zone without any turbulence, Wallet’s nauseating symptoms invisible to all the passengers inside. Speeding well past the speed of sound, the craft dropped to below the first order of magnitude and down to the ocean surface. It cycled at high speed around the crash site, the small portholes acting as in a glass bottom boat from the extreme angle of flight.
Looking through the inferred imagery, Wallet was immersed in the daily diary projection of the tidal wave and the aftermath of the sea floor damage done to forty thousand year old pressurized coral crop clusters erupting out of the water and landing on the foaming waves. The coral exposed to the sunlight began shining as a spirit right before meeting its creator.
Wallet had prepared the polarized shimmering glass cylinder with a conscious agency candle of bugbar wax fully infused with his meditative memories of the past. He was ready to light the wick for the march of entropy to show him the next best choice to play out on his sacred geometry of life. The simulation was real.
	Beadily Wallet had his own chewing method, "Secondary explosions? No one can survive that." 
Wallet sat in his personal escape rib and opened an spa aquarium of dust gnats to places a handful on the ground. With a spray-on zinc coral can he spot dropped a bit of life on each and sent them on their way to the escape hatch. One, by one he released an dust to fly toward the floating coral. 
Each bug began to burrow into the floating coral as the foam dissipated and the bleached forms began to sink to the ocean floor. More and more dust gnats arrived to inhabit the last remaining coral on the surface before sinking under the waves forever, and once under leaving no chance to burrow as the water pressure began to climb above.   
, , ,
Above the water surface the pearl slowly landed into the ocean as an spa aquarium finding its way back to base. The handle of the cord acted as a buoy sticking out of the water waiting to scuttle itself as a desperate act of martyrdom. 
Personal neon tubes automatically deployed, roamed, and scoured the water for coordinates and to set up a search grid. The goal was finding survivors in the debris field, a more than challenging mission, even for a bot. With all the computing power in the daily diary simulation Wallet still felt to do it old school. Each had its own path, some plunging into the water as seabirds diving for schools of fish, others as their swarm logic corralled the nutrient rich creatures in certain cycles as if swirling to drown into mulch for the seafloor bed sheets. 
A chimera followed with some telepathic connection to Dominique, a bot half machine and half biology, but no data found, blank, soulless. 
	Bawdily zk- had his own kind of echo, "Wreckage-located. The-air-conditioning-option-in-the-end. The-area-is-contaminated. I-cannot-open-the-antechamber."
	Basely Felix grew somber, "The sodium potassium cooling agent for the liquid metal exploded when it came in contact with the geist comet factory fabric as it melted into the refrigerator core. That’s how it must have happened."       
They saw a spray-on zinc coral transfer laid down by Augerpod, and in the sunlight the gene transfer began to bubble and boil. Life began again, and the lateral gene transfer built into dry land crushed dust and coral crop clusters to clock out electricity and transform the quaternion functor into life. 
	Barwise Felix explored his somber feel, "I can see the wreckage painfully clear now."
	Barrenly zk- had his own style of echoing others, "And-that’s why-you-need-to-bury-them-here. Recovery-will-only-lead-to-more-pain."
	Barefootedly Felix became melancholy, "I can’t just leave them there."
	Barefacedly zk- was not in sync anymore, "Equally-you-can’t-take-them-with-you."   
Wallet listened as the daily diary push to talk squawked and Felix took total control of zk-. 
	Barbarously Felix bounced back to somber, "Back above the wreckage. It’s true. Not. A. Single survivor. But that doesn’t mean they’re dead equally."
Wallet squeezed and slapped the seats around him as he yelled, all of pushing away from the interior of the empty passenger escape rib escape vehicle as Felix walked across the islands of floating debris. The carnage was a scene capturing his shame, the total failure of leadership on his part.
, , ,
The fluted floating auger drive hangar had telescopic quality interior mirrors. They in fact were the rejects from telescopes designed, but failed quality control before getting launched into cycle.
Crisp and clean, the bright Sun rose quickly and cleared the sky of any morning haze normally peeking through the giant bay windows in the main void. So far the news had not gone out yet, it was a huge pact, the private clubhouse cavern with all the big screens gone dark; no one seeing how the game had ended, but not one person questioning the end ended tragically. 
The amalgam pinning conformal boundary was full of parents huddled around the echolocation jamming bells just waiting for news, for any answers, something to move forward on. 
	Banteringly Omar's father grew somber himself, "So this is what my son will be remembered byheard they called him a little water bug. I will only assume it was a term of endearment at this point. He loved the team, that I knew." 
A blood curdling scream and finger snap echoed from inside the structure, the sound spooking a rogue white rescue quaternion functor into gliding away into the sea. It was an angelic form attracted to the caller, but frightened from the eyes on it. The white rescue stealthy coax hovercraft surrounded by quaternion functor had become the harbinger, the reporter of only the historical moment. It only appeared from the spirit world to guide knots back with it. There was always a shadow though, a receipt from a world, a deposit of skin with an appearance almost totally real. 
Trina jumped into the shallow dry-dock pool, dropped to her knees, flung her Caller down and screamed at the top of her lungs bouncing to the sky. The sound clocked out was so unique it disturbed flight patterns of coaxcraft surrounding the scene, their chaotic sky-hop culminating with random diving maneuvers into the shallow pool right next to Trina. It did not stop though, rippling waves of coaxcrafts descended down around Trina only to eliminate themselves for no apparent reason, to collapse in total self-destruction right by her feet. Even her eyes felt the pain of virtual spirit death.
	Banefully Trina grabbed for the pieces, "How can they do this? These things even took the form of my skin tone." 
Trina picked up one of the pieces. It looked as jewelry, a large curved shank of biomeat with a spray-on zinc coral tattoo clearly marked with the same text as herself. Trina was shocked, it reading, “Objects in speculo are closer than they appear.”
Not much more she could do, she though. Trina slid facedown to the shallow pool in tears, a tiny trickle making it to her mouth as she turned, opened up and stuck out her tongue to the sky. She slid her arms forward in ceremonial fashion as her head remained mostly submerged. It only took a couple of twists and her ring was out. Trina looked down at the piece of jewelry with a glare of distain, one slight feeling of loss, and tossed it blindly into the water at her feet. She was rid of the tiny blanket wrapped up inside her mouth and ready to watch it float away into eternity.
There was a halo effect around the floating ring, a natural phenomenon so far without a name. The ring bounced across the water surface as if by controlled electrostatic repulsion, the intrinsic materials possibly having a kind of consequence. 
Still in the air, Wallet sat in the passenger side of the obnoxious extra-large escape rib pod right next to Felix as he prepared to fly and psychologically console simultaneously. It was obvious Wallet felt his soul had been smeared out across a bagel for some demonic meal.
	Balmily Felix was in his own field, "Bringing all the parents over from the Arecibo clubhouse cavern. The whirlpool may find us so we need to be prepared."
	Ballistically Wallet fired up his chewing field, "We need to go there. The whirlpool gyre is where all the dust gnats have gone."
His emotions were spread across his face as cream cheese, Felix looking over with a concerned gaze and a little afraid of what came next. 
	Balletically Felix grew up a little, "That is not a good idea. I am just taking you to your girl."
	Balkingly Wallet started chewing faster, "My girl. Who’s my girl?"
	Balefully Felix was calm, "Dominique."
	Baldly Wallet picked up the pace, "Take me to the clubhouse cavern right now Felix. I need to be with the parents in private."   
Emotions were everywhere, Felix trying not to laugh, trying to hold in his judgmental smile with a little twitch as his upper lip gave away the contempt Felix felt for Wallet at that very moment. 
An unconventional crowd of dust gnats formed within the quaternion functor and cast a blend of indeterminate shadows across the water, a blend of forms traditionally not tolerated. It was by equal systems the caller they used saw themselves as a system and not individuals. 
	Balancingly this Governor was somber in his own way, "Sorry this is the first chance we have been in such close proximity. I wish it had been under better circumstances, as in your spin class."
	Bakingly Trina was serious in a small way, "You are always welcome to my class Governor."      
Like a parade, this Governor led each spitcart as if a caravan through the desert. Instead this show simply passed the twisting whirlpool and toward the water tower growing larger from within their field of view. With Trina in the back of his spitcart she reached around and pulled his caller out as it continued to ring in his breast pocket.
	Baggily this Governor was serious and somber, "You Austrian School seriously?"
	Bad-temeredly Trina was serious and all about it, "Very serious."     
Trina unfolded the caller reveling her special drawing right inside and turned the receiver to speaker mode where a double green dot flashed the indication for full surround sound. 
	Back-to-back zk- echoed loudly, "Governor, I-got-the-certified-word. All-were-lost, no-survivors. But-the-quaternion-functor-is-doing-something-strange-with-the-dust-gnats. Not-sure-yet-what-it-is-though. Stand-by."  
This Governor looked out over the horizon as he continued to drive with Trina on his back, her face hidden in the back of his head.  
	Backstage this Governor had a kind of sad moment, "Hundred percent?"
	Backhandedly zk- echoed that sadness, "That-is-correct, but-some-escaped-before-the-rest-entered-the-atmosphere."     
Trina sat up straighter than possible and arched her back pushing her chest forward as this Governor listened to his caller bellow out the news. 
	Befittingly this Governor continued with his sadness, "Is that a hundred percent?"
	Banteringly zk- was in his own echo chamber, "No. We-are-ninety-percent-confident-on-that-information."
	Balkingly this Governor could not shake the sadness, "Got it. Thank you for your efforts zk-."         
Trina put her hand on this Governor’s shoulder, this Governor folding closed and putting down the caller across the handlebars before sobbing out. He needed a chance to capture his words.
	Basically this Governor showed his sadness, "It does not look good Trina, not good at all."    
It only took a moment for her to breakout, Trina laying on this Governor’s brawny back instantly crying hysterically. She reacted with rage and anger filling her body down to her toes. Trina jumped to her feet, hands around his neck, squeezing a little bit of life from his body as he swerved to stay in control. 
This Governor fell back in pain, his body seizing, his mind fully understanding it all. Trina knew she had gone too far. She released him, his body falling limp across the handlebars. Quickly he spun into a floating ball, into the fetal position to protect himself, a moment of reflection and prayer, and with that spontaneously he recovered. 
It was over. 
This Governor was back. Just as that.

, , ,
With Trina on his back, this Governor docked into the private clubhouse cavern slip where a pod of pearl ornithopters surround the dock as a raid on an underground religious gathering in some dystopian existence, an existence where spiral gravity did not travel straight through the curved vacuum in any dimension. 
	Sectorally this Governor continued with his weak thoughts, "Spread out everyone. We don’t know what they brought back down with them from the cycle."    
Inside the private clubhouse cavern parents and friends moped around crying and still waiting for news from their daily diary hyperlinks as they held each tightly and rejected the call for social distance with dismay. 
This Governor and Trina stepped onto the dock and through the private clubhouse cavern doors as friends and relatives approached. He had a look of understanding as Trina clearly appeared guilty for the knowledge she held secretly in private moments before everyone else present had any idea.
	Secretly Carmen was concerned, "Governor, what’s going on?"
This Governor consoled them with his hands outstretched as a priest in prayer, the words he was about to speak not pleasant nor comforting. 
	Searchingly this Governor was truly on one, "I’ll be right there, I’ll be right there, please just hold on."
Outside hangar doors a light rain began tickling the metal roof as music beginning to a new song of the day as a dozen escape ribs floated in and assisted from the pearls rescue craft. There were signs of hope, just not for the loved ones on the dock.
The Australians were first. Binda climbed out of her escape rib and took a breath as if freedom was not free, a slogan all out from the Australian military knew well, and the reason she led the team back to safety. 
	Scurrilously Binda started up inhaling again, "We made it. We are back on earth. True."
Jandi swung open her escape hatch, the light door bouncing off the fuselage as a surfboard on a trampoline, her head missing the fins as she climbed out the craft.
	Sculpturally Jandi was also inhaling, "Don’t need to decompress here, it’s as heaven. True."
Jara climbed out of her escape rib, sprawled out kissed by the sunlight, and played dead so someone could test that theory.
	Scufflingly Jara continued inhaling again, "The rays will decontaminate my soul. True."
Kirrily looked around suspiciously as the idea of making it back safely still did not resonate with her understanding of superior statistical probability.  
	Scrofulously Kirrily was also inhaling, "I hope we are not the only survivors. This would not do. True."
Puka shell Kora poked her head out, as a teacher she made sure the area was safe for anyone else passing through after her. 
	Scripturally Kora continued, "This might be our new home girls, we are indebted to the island and its people here. True."
Lihra laughed and pulled out her caller to make a bet online. She marked a section of the transmitter with her fingernail as she pulled out a few numbers to upload and save for her stake in the truth of an unfolding future.
	Scrappily Lirah also, "I bet they won’t even care. Watch. True."
Tarni jumped into the dry-dock pool as the peror she was, as a child who only wanted the attention of her parents so they could fight over who loved her more.
	Scramblingly Tarni jumped in, "They don’t care. We are not one of them. True."
	Scot-free Anastasia winked, "We are all going to become them. This will be our new home. You must assimilate, but not as mannequins.  Integrate your way in."
Anastasia the new atheist tossed her whistle into the dry-dock pool as a sacrifice to the points of libration above and laughed out loud as she did it with a tone suggesting they all beat the odds together, and as women at all corners of the sexual spectrum. 
,,,
Outside the museum a monument to the first Auger EmDrive hung as a bell ready to be struck, only this one never clocked out a sound. It was night and even an owl would have been heard through the silence permeating the air.
From over the visible horizon a swarm of dust gnats approached the dock depot at very high speed, as silent owls the sound of flight deadened to nothing once they landed. Countless dust gnats circled and amalgamated forming individual representations of the teammates who were not so lucky to make it safely back to Earth. It was a virtual monument for the team of hockey players. The statuesque forms hovered over the water as gargoyles on the rocks out past the sandy beach break as if ready to catch the perfect wave back to shore. 
Still on the move Felix ordered the coaxcraft to pull up to the private clubhouse cavern dock with Wallet inside ready to jump out, his idea of microjustice a little different than Felix. Still he was the one who quickly got out of the coaxcraft and tie a line to the dock before anything else happened out of his control. With both feet on the dock Wallet stepped up to the opening of the interior and saw the faces of all parents waiting for some good news, a story only he could tell truthfully, the truth not relevant in chaotic flows as those though. 
	Scornfully Wallet spat on the dock, "Dead children replaced by dust mannequins playing dead children. What a disgusting memory. We need a media blackout. This abomination of desolation cannot continue."  
The moment he stepped around the stealthy coax hovercraft designed from a pearl rescue craft and into the open hangar all the families including Dominique saw him. It was a sight of truth manifest. Dominique was instantly relieved as the families broke into pieces and individually took their own moments to break down and cry separately, privately, and emotionally secluded. They all had their minds somewhat prepared for the event.
The dust mannequins floated into the depot and positioned themselves to form a permanent monument of the team. They were as a sea of drones on parade. The dust gnats stopped making sounds and began to foam over and solidify into the final monumental mannequin forms. 
Dominique started recording herself with the caller as she gave a live Blog to her viewers, the media blackout not yet in effect and every moment counting to get the story out there before darkness, the shutdown, or even an electromagnetic attack everyone knew was imminent.  
	Scoldingly Dominique drowned in her somber sensibility, "If people really don’t want my impressions on their skin, I will have to tattoo the airwaves with the true news."   
Wallet looked out for Dominique and any Auger Robotics as well, but he did not see her, or them. With a bit of rage he turned and barged out of the clubhouse cavern pushing Felix out of the way as he did not matter to anyone. 
	Scoffingly Felix felt the somber quality within, "Alright Wallet, it’s your chance to go back to the island. We’re done here." 
Trina saw Wallet leave upset, her emotional stability dependent on knots so she followed him onto the beach sand. It was not the first order monuments to previous souls erected along the beach. The coral crop clusters gargoyles were buried under the waves peeking through as ancient creatures from the deep. Auger Robotics rolled in as they always did, as metal shavings clumped together and falling apart as tumble weeds bouncing around the way.
	Sciolistically zk- whispered, "I-have-traveled-all-this-way-to-be-with-you-here-and-now. You-have-a-mission-to-complete." 
Wallet sat with his legs crossed native style and started crying, the ideas bouncing around behind his eyes building steam to pull eject. He had had enough and jumped to his feet, with a deep, and even deeper inhale Wallet started running into the crashing water.
The halo image filtered through the must rolling in as a spiritual image forming and melting away with the dust gnats witnessing their final form before solidifying into place.
She was on the move, Trina chasing down Wallet and grabbing him by the arm as a child to swing him around. A large childproof recreational telescope sat next to them bumped swinging off vertically as a submerged hot air balloon breaching to the surface.  
	Scientifically Trina grabbed for some truth, "You can’t leave as this. You have an obligation to the families back there. I won’t let you go."
	Schoolishly Wallet started up with his chewing again, "What do you mean obligation? I am the one they should be crying over. Now I am just the hated survivor. How do you think that makes me feel?" 
Trina fell to her knees and grabbed him by the elbow, her Feng Shui grip dropping Wallet to his knees as a monk in prayer. They both looked as half people growing from the ground up, maybe their combined souls worthy enough to be called a single child of the heavens. 
	Scholastically Trina was concerned with herself, "Look, I don’t want to hear any of this survivor guilt stuff. You are the one who must tell their story. You cannot let the future of the Crypto Hockey Congress and the island forget what we learned here today. Here. Take Daemon’s belt. He would have wanted you to have it."
	Schemingly Wallet chewed on his own, "I am not the one to tell anybody’s story."
	Screakily Trina became concerned with being concerned, "You are, you have to tell the story the only way you know how. Through your art." 
Wallet looked into his Mangrove Project zeitgeist belt and pulled out a sheet of QR code authentication stickers to examine their validity, if indeed the slight difference in chaotic flows while cycling voided the ledger. 
	Sectorally Trina calmed herself, "Listen Wallet, you are going to distribute these QR code authentication stickers around town to memorialize the team. Place them on the brass flywheels and move on. Don’t wait for a response. Curious people will scan and join the funeral procession. This is your contribution, your contrition, if you like. Chance to begin."  
Both women had bonded over a common idea, the one to save the planet, Dominique and Carmen appearing with spray-on zinc coral cans to bring life back to the hockey community and back from this tragedy. The emotions of the chaotic flow had shifted, Wallet and Trina embracing as Wallet sobbed uncontrollably with his thoughts racing around the musty pressure building in his head.
At the end of his patience, Wallet pushed Trina away and started rummaging through his backpack for something. He pulled back his hair and surprised himself by tagging underneath his netminder’s mask with the heads up display on full bright. It was as a two way speculo working in opposite, his face projected daily diarylly concealing the mask behind but his face showing on both sides. 
Unlike what they had seen before, a giant swarm of dust gnats from the spice region appeared and began eating the air conditioning oils, the special blend as a delicacy and flew out to sea as fast as they approached. 
The whole thing was a mess, They at a viewing of the Caribbean Sea littered with dust carcasses, a mass extinction event as a random twisting whirlpool formed under the abandoned water tower sucking in the dust gnats. Witnessing from the top of the hybrid mangrove tree They saw new dust gnats fly off and back to shore to repeat the cleaning process before dying off or hibernating in the fabric again. On the road to hyper sanity, They discovered a voice deep inside him, a mode of conscious agency even more sophisticated than a third person identity. He called it; Folly.  
Binda stepped up to Wallet with pure intention in her eyes. She knew she was going to die. It was the right thing to do to honor the team left in cycle. 
	Secondhandedly Binda started smiling, "This is the chance we become one. Please take my hand Wallet. True."
Instantly they were locked as to bugs ready to cocoon. With arms touching they projected their signatures into the quaternion nondisclosure agreement. Binda knew she could be free. It was secure. One of them was going to die, their secret of whom and if they would even know locked away in that higher dimensional contract. Binda was sure it was her, but Wallet was willing to take the sacrifice himself.
Binda was first to convert her consciousness to the Blockchain and upload directly to the cycle. Wallet was one step behind. Perhaps the delay saved his life, but his soul remaining detached from the above.
	Schoolgirlishly Abcde smiled with a childlike grin, "This is a good thing. Don’t worry Wallet. She is in good hands with me. I am going to take her to the top of the block on the ancient iceberg where the saltwater pool surrounds the fire temple."
With the greatest care possible Abcde took Binda’s outstretched arm and folded it up in the cheesecloth covering her face and body. Wallet did not cry. He knew she was right, the place for higher existence was not on Earth anymore. 
, , ,
The top of the ancient iceberg was a magical place. Vexed vultures soared with a kind of grace only a bird of prey emitted. For days the birds had picked Binda’s body clean of her flesh. It was an honor to be brought back to the organism and system which needed her to survive. 
The only problem was conscious agency had evolved. The birds were not prepared to give their life in the service of the cosmos. They did not know her flesh was poison to them. Her ability to take that hundred mile per eddie slapshot meant she needed something for the pain from practfabric.  Binda was an athlete and with that also prone to weakness. 
It was the birds who paid the price though. It took only a few days, but when Dominique and Trina made it to the top for their weekly hike they made the discovery. In the back of each vulture head was the black hole implant which held the information of each person they devoured. The only problem was when the birds’ bodies fell from their last meal of poisoned meat, they lost the spheres which influenced the next generation of sacrifices. 
	Wrathily Trina felt her own anger grow, "We have to do something. I can’t just let this go. I have to call Abcde to fly up here to bring the birds back down."
	Woundedly Dominique had a grimacing tone, "What’s that going to do? They’re dead."
	Woefully Trina became a angry on another level, "It’s going to do a lot. I am going to cook those Aboriginal girls a real American Thanksgiving meal here."
	Worshipfully Dominique landed back on her grimacing air, "A meal of remembrance." 
Dominique reached for Trina’s hand as she held her hair up in anger. The plan was set, only execution left to serve. 
, , ,
It took an entire season before the recession hit, a simple market correction in some minds, but some not so sure. Outside the L'Internationale the night stars bounced off the graphene façade as the darkness of an uploaded bit fluorescing from the process.  
A large video billboard presented the local news of economic decline, a hockey stick shaped recovery still the best case scenario as a bear market stocked by conservative spending and investment in technology and science just started to ramp up. Things were not going so well.
It was the chance for a good soul to shine though. Not a natural orator, this Governor gave his monologue while standing on the new mangrove folly textile construction industry beginning on the island. He reached back and pulled his man-bun loose. The moment to let go had arrived.  
	Worthlessly this Governor was spiritually not available, "Yes the captured geist comet factory rained out of cycle and right on top our heads, but we are not dinosaurs, we will endure. All the same, spiral gravity will not crush us equally. We are moving forward, only economic growth is our future, one without neon tubes playing hockey for us to gawk at or elderly respirator patchwork skinprint bot working till their arms fall off. (folding hands in prayer) Let us pray. Let us all remember we are made in his image, and when we observe it, it changes the observed. So let us let God observe us, so we can change into what he sees. Amen."
Billboards with the faces of the dead Agents were seen with spray-on zinc coral transfer as if they had tattoos on them in real life. The images were anamorphic to create a collage of lifelike movement as respectful eyes passed by. 
	Worrisome Abcde smiled lightly, "The shadow of life ringing a bell to the future."
Abcde took a zesty dust delight, a sierra mixe frass from the vending appliance labeled Seaweed Mead Polk-poke, a new local favorite thanks to seeding the island with more autonomous vending machines. She also got a smoothie labeled ‘bugbar’ and opened the squishy wrapper, but dropped it onto the ground.  
Abcde unwrapped her taped up thumbnail, to show her divorce to the sky, the truth of nothing scared or damaged a secret she finally felt was right to air.
	Workmanly Abcde chewed sublime, "Here we go again. Have my DNA donations gone anywhere?"
	Woozily this Governor was off, "We have a new world again to reconsider . . ."  
	Woodly Abcde slowed her chewing tempo, "Are we getting stonewalled again? Our caller should travel the world."
	Wondrously this Governor could not complete his personal perspective, "Only if we can help it. Remember the Mangrove Project?"  
	Wolfishly Abcde drank up, "The Federal Reserve Act will be reinforced here. I know it is anti political, but we need it. We need it to begin now we need to keep up with cosmic inflation."
They saw The Australian Golddiggers in their famous formation 1:3:1 practicing in their new jerseys (Arecibo Pride); on the flash frozen sand as the sun started to show through the must while the new two-bit agent cleared. 
Even through a recreational telescope a team of spitcart riders were seen poaching a small tungsten anchor break away toward the shore. It was enough fresh water for a clean harvest. The market for fresh ancient water was there, growing, and getting more dangerous. 
Not part of the poaching party, Auger Robotics scanned the QR codes with “CQC” labels on the spitcarts and instantly began showing the daily diary projection of Daemon’s deep fake in a billboard presentation above them.
	Wonderfully Daemon was a holographic projection, "Love it when fishy politicians make their concessions speech. This one guy said, ‘If you’re not first, you’re last.’ NO, you are number 52 out of 50 states, you are dead last. Don’t try and mix your fin with the rest of the toppings."
Trina walked up to the daily diary projection as Abcde followed behind, both women somewhat hateful yet able to work together. 
	Withinforth Trina was beautiful in her way, "Have you seen this before? I don’t remember this ever happening."
	Wistfully Abcde audibly coughed, "Daemon lived a long life."   
Trina stepped back and sat native style on the ground to ponder her own existence as the daily diary projection paused, then pulsed lucid delusional cues before shutting off entirely. 
	Wobbily zk- echoed in the void, "I-sure-hope-I-didn’t-contaminate-the-dumpzk--. Even-the-smugglers-have-right-to-make-a-living. Right?"
Abcde looked up to the sky and laughed with a condescending smile as a new batch of skywriting tetrapods puffed into existence.
, , ,
Behind the Arecibo castle Daemon built was an alley Wallet just loved to hang out at. As the morning Sun shot down through the gutter line bisecting the alley Daemon noticed a shrub of mangrove hanging over his fence. It was new growth, a surprise he felt warranted investigation. 
It was a beautiful sight of the mangrove folly sinkhole field lagoon bubbling with excitement as the original pearl discarded by Daemon floated above a coral growth as the reincarnation of some lost historical moment. The pearl emerged from the waterline as coral growth moved upward creating a pedestal for the rusty pearl to rest on in ceremonial fashion. 
Wallet put together all the equipment Daemon used to bring the first ancient iceberg to the island. It was a grand adventure and a new mission Wallet saw as the perfect homage to the team. The last ancient iceberg belonged in a place it would not be disturbed, a sanctuary to exist in peace. Wallet did not prepare a statement or even mention his idea to anyone, just went ahead and used his coaxcraft to loosen free the berg in the harbor for the long journey to Socotra Island as the last Belt and Road bulwark. 
	Tranquilly Wallet remained calm, "That’s what I expect."    
Wallet looked inside the window at his lead hockey pants hanging below a picture of Daemon. Wallet turned and climbed the property wall to get a better look over the wall. The LiDAR lines buzzed with a humming sound as dust gnats looking for a date.
At the top of his new property wall Wallet saw a colorful street writing piece baking in the morning light. He grabbed onto the loose chain fence resting by an incinerator and tried to pick a sample. Instead the fence fell on him and hooked onto the gray and yellow pin striped stretched range wagon. 
	Treacherously Wallet knew he had sinned, "What the hell!"   
She could not help but laugh, Trina watching as Wallet climbed to the top of the wall and stood as a surfer hanging ten at the edge of a wipeout.
	Treasonously Wallet chewed as a sinner would, "Ready? To the new state of Arecibo, I as your governor promised to bring a just end to the internal conflict with patchwork skinprint slavery. My riddle rideshare app will randomly approve these synthetic intelligences on a manifest for any flying pan. This is what I owe the island and the world and it has been long overdue. A daily diary change to the color of your skin where tattooing camouflage will not change the randomness of the system. Thank you for your votes and continued support."
Wallet picked up a picture of Daemon hanging on the edge of the exterior wall and blew the dust off of it, jumped into the nearby tree and climbed down again as a squirrel without its fuzzy keel.
	Twinklingly zk- was sunbathed in pool of neutrinos, "I-must-say, until-we-have-a-theory-of-everything-proving-dualism-I-must-say-the-greatest-choice-for-an-automaton-is-to-believe-in-God."      
zk- wanted to take a wide shot of Wallet and his quaternion functor under the tree. Wallet poured a cup of mud through the white mangrove folly zipper tote bag as filtered water poured straight into his thermos. He turned to lean on the work table and just tossed the thermos away before it began to frost over. It mustged the surface and maybe even the water inside. Quickly he took a boiling pot of water and poured his copper cut oats into it to chemically cook, his morning feast more as military discipline as a substitute for happiness. Even the zinc sunscreen he felt obligated to smear on had a faint smell of cream cheese. Wallet was starving and need to act fast. 
Wallet watched zk- watching him, so quickly he took off running toward Dominique’s loft. They were not neighbors, but far away equally enough.
Running as if away from danger Wallet made it in and out of breath at the front door, the red wooden slab wide as he walked inside. as before he walked up to her bedside uninvited. In the open walk-in closet he saw the crypto mining appliance overheating again as white argon coolant started to leak into the air as must, as quaternion functor which made Wallet question the origin of the stuff. The window drapes were a giant transfer canvas covered in spray-on zinc corals as street art with a different pattern than the day before. 
Wallet opened the arcade and put on his VR headset, got his hands right on the mental controls and flew the halved helicopter from the closet carpeted floor and out of the apartment and toward the tetratensegrity house outside. He was surrounded, Wallet encircled by wax morgue statues in French curtain jumpsuits.
	Turbulently zk- continued on, "Looks-as-you-are-the-disaster-now-Wallet. I-can-see-in-full-color. How-about-you?"      
Wallet landed the halved helicopter in front the cut oats boiling over on the range in the kitchen. Wallet took a handful of cane sugar and tossed it over his shoulder, and into the boiling over oats. Wallet had realized the chance for growing up had arrived. Acting how Daemon would was not enough anymore. Wallet knew he needed to act as his own man now.
, , ,
The last ancient iceberg landed just off shore from Socotra Island, the last Belt and Road bulwark. It was a sanctuary planned already had an army of coaxcraft. A swarm already created a breakwater to encircle the ancient iceberg so it would never have to worry about moving again. The last ancient iceberg was finally home.
Through the window They saw topography shifting from mining and digging operations to more around the pumped hydro electrical storage lake beginning to freeze over. Wood shrapnel flew as patchwork skinprint pieces bounced off a replica air balloon mascot of an fabric resurfacing stealthy coax hovercraft stuck in the sand. 
The rectangular fish pond had a strange pattern of trinkets on each corner. The meaning appeared almost invisible. The fish shop still used manual labor instead of machines. It was a rite of passage for each Overman who remained. 
A bucket of pucks got knocked over. A blend of oil drips attracted spice dust gnats to get caught and die in the muck stuck to and forming across the fabric.  Abcde grabbed a spray-on zinc coral can labeled “CQC” and spray-on a circle around the muck on the fabric to keep the life from spreading out of control. It was her company, the “Creative Quarantine Company” and friends. 
	Triumphantly Abcde whispered in her way, "This is where the biotextile will flourish. This is where I can mind my p’s and q’s into the future. This is the new home for our Creative Quarantine Company."          
Riding a resurfacing stealthy coax hovercraft as a rodeo bull, both Jesus and Xavier showed up with a grand entrance, above a line of skywriters waiting for the command prompt.
	Transcendentally Jesus looked up, "This is right."
	Trappedly Daemon was not visible, "I am glad you Overmen made it."
	Trustfully Xavier also looked up, "We need to start over for them. And by the way I found that hologram Mingo."         
The two young Overmen dismounted from the resurfacing stealthy coax hovercraft and immediately sprinted a few feet to show off their prowess, the bumpy ride not changing their muscle density from sitting so long, not even cramped, dehydrated or atrophied a little bit.
	Tumidly Wallet was truly serious, "That hologram was destroyed. No one was supposed to see it."
	Trebly Abcde whispered in her way, "And that is what you thought."  
A daily diary image of Wallet paused, then pulsed a lucid delusion cued with the surf team inside a tabletop hockey bubble and surfboards instead of tungsten hockey sticks. From inside the bubble looking out They saw functor must filling the shop, moving to the doorway and seeing the must amongst the hybrid zk-berry and virtual power plant coated trees outside. 
Felix spun the handles of the hockey table game to hit a miniature beach ball with Auger Robotics piñata holding surfboards and scoring a goal as a reply on loop. The beach ball fell out of the tabletop bubble and rolled outside as if taking a victory lap around the course. Felix took a tungsten hockey stick and popped the mini beach ball with pleasure.
	Tragically zk- had its own somber existence, "Last chance to go back to Put Ohio’s deep arena, back to the dead namesake of Christopher Columbus. Back to fiber node. They can start over here without me. A garden surrounding me full of active mining flowers is where I want to be. A new life form I can control. And a little bit of hockey in between." 
Felix stepped down the sandblasted flesh colored concrete porch and passed the local Overmen with bulging veins sipping from biometric bowls. It was an ugly sight but Felix still gave them all a nod of acknowledgement. The group of local Overmen still sliced seaweed mead on a wooden cutting board as they always did, still with blood gutters collecting sea foam into small cups along their feet. One of the Overmen stood, pants half down his waist as he approached the edge of the sandblasted flesh colored concrete porch. The open bidet spray-on zinc coral was ready for use, only the man applied his wooden cutting board to the vertical stream of water instead. No one showed them the right way, the Overmen apparently never using the device as intended by design, the potential public humiliation not something most gravitated toward. 
	Traditionally wrapped in tattered island flag zk- was also respectful, "Gentlemen. This extruded biotron jerky is from the butt of some pretty lean robots. Wanna try?"
	Transfixedly Abcde started preaching, "Your lifestyle and work ethic is a very elegant solution as to why believing in you are God is totally impossible. You are truly first amongst equals."           
The Overmen looked up from the table, a sight of so many eyes not what Felix wanted to engage with. He offered the jerky out of kindness, the Overmen with eyes of killers taking it as a sign of weakness. They were disciplined though, their uneducated rough lives leaning them a different way.
The pearl was the secret to salvation for the local Overmen though, the synthetic metal alloy somehow attracting the helium-4 as a kind of carbon capture, and trapping it in the quick growing patina. It was as magic, even some of the old local Overmen taking to lick the pearl as a ritual to extract more magical power from the metal.
A monument to the team with the phrase “Agents slash the maze,” engraved on the first pearl left on the island. A daily diary memorial played the Overmen chanting with a visual display of their sound waves bouncing off the monument surfaces. 
	Triangularly the virtual Allstars chanted in unison, "A Molotov cocktail stuffed with a rag or a flag makes no difference."
Again in the background flew a small armada of Auger Robotics weather balloons hovering filled with hydrogen. The multicolored array of floating surfaces were ripe for explosion. Felix was fixated on the Auger Robotics fabric balloon, winging a stick with flint attached to the end he reached up to strike the colorful electrostatic surface. Caution was not the cure. 
He got too close, but that was his thought. With one pierce the entire balloon combusted, the stressed out surface material falling to the ground in a charred bundle of burned metal.
He looked as a child, as a man who had lost his senses. Felix in a dust crushable sequins fedora rang some of the biometric bowls while chanting OM, stepped to each man one by one and gave them a hand hug with his thumb. Felix walked over to the tungsten hockey stick in the ground and pulled his caller from the tape which shut down the daily diary portrait of the men, a photograph taken over a year ago. 
All They saw was the empty ocean horizon and a hologram of a foul flying pan hovering at the edge of the cliff. From out of Felix’s crushable sequins fedora a vexed vulture jumped out and took straight-line flight. Nothing was impossible as it accelerated and rammed the aircraft fuselage, passed right by and fell off the cliff out of sight. 
They saw the vexed vulture take flight up from over the cliff horizon and fly off into the sunset safely. It was a magical sight, a sight I would never forget again.


THE END



"""
Remember, this is the backstory “They, REALLY” don’t want you to read in a world of out a control central banks and drunken government in love with SynBio and loathsome of decentralization. 
As a central planner for the island Felix was not Trina's husband yet spent unreasonable amounts of crypto to shower her with elite NFT trophy status. Felix found the ultimate status symbol was to trade NFT's of other men's wives so his action could never be erased. 